DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

EXCLUSIVE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

 

dated

This Supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

1. SEARA MEATS BV J8S-S-4., a company functioning and organized under the laws of
SrazitNetherlands, having its registered seat at [@], Sacfauieregistered under the [@]
under no. [@], having sole registration code , duly represented by [@), in the
capacity as ("SBSSEARA" and/or the “Supplie "), and

  

 

 

 

2. PF a company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at 32 Calea Dorobantilor@+aeimesiemteisiecct, Sector 2
registered under the Trade Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration
code 5052558, duly represented by Mr Dan-MinulescuAlbert Davidoglu, acting as General
BirecterChief Executive Officer, “ and/or the Distributor"),

The Supplier and the Distributor shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of them
separately as “Party”.

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following;

 

 

 

a
Article 1. OBJECT MATTER OF THE|AGREEMENT,

 

| Formatted: Romanian

Commented [GNP2R1]: Furnizorul direct sau prin afiliati
Afiliatii isi insusesc contractul pe masura ce apar in schema ca
potential supplieri

Ase vedea art.1.1

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, 11 pt, Romanian
Formatted: Romanian

Formatted: Romanian

Formatted: Romanian

Formatted: Font: Not Bold, Romanian

Formatted: Romanian

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian
Formatted: Romanian

a

 

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, 11 pt, Romanian

 

Exclus int f Distributor in the Territ

ubject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby grants
to the Distributor and the Distributor hereby accepts the right to exclusively distribute
the Products in the Territory (as defined below). Parties agree and understand that Seara
may supply to the Distributor, either directly or through any of its affiliates (the supplyin
affiliate having accepted the terms and conditions herein in advance).
1.11. At the signing date, Territory exclusively reserved to the Distributor consis
ofthe Tertiary: Romania, Bulgaria, Polonia, Greece, Czech Republic;

 

 

4+41—Territory may be extended, subject to further, negotiations to include at least an

or all of the following countries: Slovakia-, Slovenia, Greece-Cyprus_Lithuania,

 

\Letonia..
—_—

t the signing date, Products refer to: CN 16023219 and CN 16023230.

4212.7 The Supplier hereby expressly --- ---.-~---—----—--------------— +--------------—

hovebeerexctispehresemedte the Distrbuter Tethic endundertakes the following:

eb 1.2.1. Supplier will ensure that all other (exclusive and non-exclusive)
distributors are prohibited Active Sales of the Products outside their reserved
territory (being permitted only Passive Sales) and that they are notified of the
fact that the Distributor has been allocated the countries within the Territory;

4321.2.2. Supplier will notify in due time the Distributor with the countries outside

the Territory in which other exclusive distributors are appointed or are

exclusively reserved to the Supplier.

Formatted: Romanian
L_— Font: | Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanians Calibri Light, Romanian

LT rormatted: Justified, Line spacing: At least 14.7 pt, Tab
nD 1.27 cm, Left

omelet tore —_—_—_————— 1.27 cm, Line spacing: At
least 14.7 pt, Outline numbered + Level: 3 + Numbering Style:
1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
+ Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 2.54 cm, Left

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian, Do not
Z\ check spelling or grammar

Formatted: Font: Romanian, Do not check spelling or

grammar

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian, Do not

check spelling or grammar

Formatted: Font: Romanian, Do not check spelling or

grammar

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian, Do not

check spelling or grammar

Commented [GNP6R5]: Bulgaria, Grecia, Romania, Polonia +

Cehia

 
   

Formatted: Default Paragraph Font, Font: (Default) Calibri
Light, Romanian, Do not check spelling or grammar

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, Outline numbered +

Level: 3 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1+
Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

144.13. Outside the Territory, the Distributor shall not make Active Sales of the Products in a
territory allocated to an exclusive distributor or exclusively reserved to the Supplier.
Nevertheless, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Distributor to make Passive Sales
of the Products within such territories. ,

e e of the Distributor

45.14 The Distributor shall buy the Products from the Supplier (or its affiliates) as an
independent contractor and shall market and sell the Products in its own company name,
for its own account and at its own risk, with the Distributor, having the right to market
the Products under its own tradename, trademark or brand, this right being at the full
and encumbered discretion of the Distributor.

+6-L5_ The relationship between the Parties established by the Agreement shall be solely that
of supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Agreement shall be construed to make the Distributor the agent of the Supplier for
any purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any
liabilities or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Distributor
specifically agrees that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in
any manner and that it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

+46. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation or a prohibition imposed to
the Distributor to sell, resell or otherwise distribute similar products from other suppliers
in any territory and/or without any restrictions.

Product development

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

 

          

     

gepende

 

+8-L7. Upon Distributor’s market prospecting, the Distributor may require the Supplier to

 

 

brandname _and) trademark, the Distributor retaining sole ownership over such
intellectual property rights.

 
       
   
    
   
  

<{ Formatted: Font: (Defaut) Cali ight, Romanian)
fisicingptoncvensompotitneendadeclwithohennoonuctenioonsecosinett \ 2 Formatted: Font: (Default) Calbr Light, Romanian

.
Formatted: Romanian
Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

        

Article 2. DURATION

    

 

2.1. This Agreement is executed for a period of 5 (five) years. Subsequent to this term, Parties Formatted: List Paragraph, Add space between paragraphs of
undertake to negotiate in good-faith the prolongation of this Agreement under written _\_| the same style, Outline numbered + Level: 1 + Numbering
Style: 1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at:
addendum. 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm
Article 3. PRICES, TITLE, WARRANTY Formatted: Add space between paragraphs of the same style,
Tab stops: Not at 1.25 cm
Prices and Price Amendment

3.1. The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. 1 to this Agreement.

3.2. The Prices may not be unilaterally changed by the Supplier. Any intention to ammend the
Prices of the Supplier will be notified to the Distributor and agreed upon, in good-faith,
in writing.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

33. The agreed prices as stated in the appendix 1 =are valid for a period of 6 months from

signing of this contract, Parties may negotiate to ammend the Prices twice a year, three <4 Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

monts in advance before each half calendar year. Formatted: Romanian

3.4. Parties undertakes to negociate the prices of the Products whenever neccessary, as it is
muttually agreed that a good-standing commercial relationship under this Agreement is

conditional upon prices being competitive and mindful of market conditions, import

 

licenses’ costs and contingents
lier’s obligations are achieve (i.e. orders have been delivered in

full; RM has access to competitive prices; there are no export restrictions between
Brazil and Europe; value chain does not fundamentally change), Parties agree that if

Distributor does not meet the volume targets agreed by the Parties herein, Parties may
negociate the extent of the Territory exclusively allocated to the Distributor

 

 

    
  

  
 

 
 

Formatted: Indent: Left: 0.63 cm, No bullets or numbering
<1 Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

Formatted: Indent: Left: 0.63 cm, No bullets or numbering,
Tab stops: Not at 1.27 cm

 
   
 
  

   
    
 

 
 
 

-4-3.6. Supplier warrants that the Products shall be i) according to the specifications, if any, and
ii) comply with all food regulations applicable to the Territory or otherwise instructed by
the Distributor.

2.5.3.7. Supplier undertakes to warrant and reimburse the Distributor against any claims or

sanctions imposed to the Distributor as a consequence of the Supplier non-observing the

warranties under article 5.

 
     
   

 

Article 4. FORECAST, ORDER, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVERY, Commented [GNP8R7]: Decizie: pastram formularea ca baza

de negociere in anexa.

 

Parties understand that the contractual framework under. this Agreement must include specific
terms and conditions in respect of Forecast, Order, Acceptance and Delivery. Parties agree to
negotiate such contractual provisions, the Distributor’s commercial proposal being included as
Appendix no,2 to this Agreement ee

.

Formatted: Romanian

   
  

 

 

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

 

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, 11 pt, Romanian

_—{ Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

Article 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1. The Distributor hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that
it shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory
and shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis
of good faith and good business thi cS

5.2. The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have
all the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the
Agreement and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the Agreement.

5.3. The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, expressly and
unambiguously accepts articles 1, 2,245, 6, 7 and 8 of the |Agreemen’ i

Article 6. OBSERVANCE OF EUROPEAN COMPETITION RULES

6.1. The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti-
competitive conduct, as defined by European competition legislation, by means
including, but not limited to, mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing,

4

 
 

Commented [GNP12R11]: De acord, insa ne ajuta in situatie
Ku de anticoruptie.
~ Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, 11 pt

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, 11 pt

  
  
  

  
 
 
  

Commented [GNP14R13]: Aceasta clauza este obligatoriu
conform C.Civ. care prevede ca anumite tipuri de clauze, precum
cele care stabilesc in folosul celui care le propune limitarea
raspunderii, dreptul de a denunta unilateral contractul, de a
suspenda executarea obligatiilor sau care prevad in detrimentul
celeilalte parti decaderea din drepturi ori din beneficiul termenului,
limitarea dreptului de a opune exceptii, restrangerea libertatii de a
contracta cu alte persoane, reinnoirea tacita a contractului, legea
aplicabila, clauze compromisorii sau prin care se deroga de la
normele privitoare la competenta instantelor judecatoresti nu
produc efecte decat daca sunt acceptate, in mod expres, in scris, de
cealalta parte

   

Formatted: Romanian


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

accepting, setting, approving or agreeing in any type of communication between the
Supplier and the Distributor of resale prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or
influencing commercial policy, limiting or disadvantaging competing undertakings or
exchanging sensitive information from competition perspective, prohibited by the
competition rules. In case the Distributor will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier's failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Distributor shall have the right of recourse
against the Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the
investigation

6.2. The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sell to the Distributor within the market
defined by the Territory, without any injunction in the resale prices, commercial
conditions or other business matters that should be unilaterally decided by the
Distributor itself. For the non-observance of this obligation, the Supplier is obliged to
immediately stop any Active sales within the Territory

6.3. In case the supplier is approached directly or indirectly approached from the customers
within the Territory, the Supplier is under the obligation to inform the Distributor of such
approach within 1 business day. As per the above, Passive sales of the other distributors
are permitted within the Territory the Supplier is obliged to impose the same notification
obligations to its (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from all European Economic
Area’s territories

 
 

  

 

 

 

Article 7 TERMINATION

7.1. This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases:
+4.—-with the Parties’ consent;
7.1.1.

  
   

 

<i Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations Formatted: List Paragraph, Outline numbered + Level: 3 +
y may = Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left +

hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 40-30 (ten) Working Aligned at: 1.27 cm + Indent at: 2.54 cm

days from receiving the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory

ON ne are OF dcfault-can- bo romodiods tH

 
   
  
 
  

 

 

 

   
     

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian
Formatted: Tab stops: 2.54 cm, Left + Not at 1.27 cm

Commented [DM15]: Mai degraba ne uitam la tarile in care nu
am performat si ajustam teritoriul?

     

43.7.2. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their
outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

7.3._The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations

already performed and outstanding between the Partie 5 << Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, 11 pt, Romanian

—-

 

 

 

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

yeep +—— Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, First line: 0 cm

Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, First line: 0 cm

 

Commented [DM17]: Nu e realist, probabil NL

 

Article 9 MISCELLANEOUS

9.1. All notices and correspondence relating to this Agreement shall be sent by either party
to the other to the following addresses, or any other appropriate address provided prior

written notice is given to the other party (being agreed that any notice received outside

business days will be considered received in the following business day):

    
   

 
    
   
  

If to the Supplier: If to the Distributor: Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Don't adjust
. y space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space

Address: LJ Address: LJ , bet Asian text and numt

For the attention of: LI For the attention of: Lo Formatted: Level 2, Ind ing: 1.27 cm, Don't ad}

   

space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space
between Asian text and numbers

Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Hanging: 1.27 cm,
Widow/Orphan control, Don't keep with next, Don't adjust
space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space
between Asian text and numbers

Fax: LJ Fax: LJ

Email: LI Email LJ

    

 

Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Hanging: 1.27 cm,
Widow/Orphan control, Don't keep with next, Don't adjust
space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space
between Asian text and numbers

Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Hanging: 1.27 cm,
Don't adjust space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust
space between Asian text and numbers

Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, Tab stops: Not at 2.54 cm

 

Ee+pt-arne

9.3. Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any Commented [DM18]: De ce nu email? Poate cu confirmare de
provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions oer
hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

9.5 No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute
a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.

9.6. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties,
and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between
the Parties with respect to its subject matter.

9.7. No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any
previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary
this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting
Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the
Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

9.8. The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this
Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at
that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in
respect of any relevant legislative change.

9.9. | The Appendix hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.

9.10. This Agreement has the following Appendix: Appendix no. 1 - List of Prices, Appendix no

2 - Forecast, Order, Acceptance, Delivery and Inspection and Appendix no. 3 - Volumes

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today [@), in 2 (two)
coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.

FORTHE SUPPLIER FOR THE DISTRIBUTOR —- Formatted: Romanian
18S S.A a

 

 

 

 

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

 

Name: Name:
a a
Title: Title:

 

 

a —- Formatted: Romanian

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 1
List of Prices


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 2
Forecast, Order, Acceptance, Delivery and Inspection

Parties agree to negotiate the details of Forecast, Order, Acceptance, Delivery and Inspection

 

based on the following commercial proposal:

  
  

 
  
 
 
 
 
  

{Commented (6NP2IRGOF

\ Formatted: Romanian

 

The Distributor shall provide estimated Orders for the next month (M i). The forecas
made by the Distributor shall be treated as nonbinding. The volumes for the next 5 years

   
          
  

 

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian

Formatted: Normal, Indent: Left: 1.25 cm, No bullets or
numbering

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

 

Without any engagement in respect of minumum Orders, the Distributor may order the

    
 
    

 
  
 

by the Supplier of an Order i in whole or in part shall incur iibili on the Supplier, its

 

officer or employees or any other person,
Acceptance

On — of. the Order t the oe er shall not the Distributor | in ones e-mail o! Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

An Order shall be considered accepted b the Su lier b one of the following means: i

i f i shi E f the Prod Jered or iil) fail f
the Supplier to reject the Order within days from the recei pt b the Supplier.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

outside the forecast margin), unless objective and _ clear ustifi ications are_given_and
by tt iste ; oe ; il
collaborate to identify an alternative source of supply of similar Products (with similar
commercial conditions).
Deli 1) .
The Products shall be delivered to the Distributor in export packing (meaning resistant to Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

long distance transportation package). Promptly after the receipt of Products, the
Distributor shall, or cause its qualified agent to, inspect the Products at its own cost. The
Distr ball j liatel ify the Sunolier if. during the i - Et
Products is found not to be in compliance with quality standards, which will be agreed to
iting by the bot! -

All claims for Strors. damages, defects, shortages and non-conformities in any shipment

 
       

<4} Formatted: Font: (eta) Calibri Light, 11 pt, Romanian

 

 

defects ie. fault of the Products that could not have been ‘discovered by a reasonabl

hi ion. for which Supplier is liable throughout the entice Products’ life


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

In case of any inconsistencies with the Order, the Distributor has the alternative to i) ask

' i fulfil t jing Order. | the Price for the delivered

 

 

 

Products.
APPENDIX NO. 3
Volumes

‘ _—{ Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light, Romanian
2020 - 1,000mt

2021 -—1,300mt

2022 —1,500mt

2023 —1,580mt

2024 — 1650mt

‘ <{ Formatted: Romanian 0)

10


