DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

EXCLUSIVE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

No. [e) dated (@]

This Supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

JBS S.A., a company functioning and organized under the laws of Brazil, having its
registered seat at , Sao Paulo, registered under the [@) under no. [@), having sole
registration code , duly represented by [@), in the capacity as [@) ("JBS" and/or the

“Supplier{’), and

., a company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at Dorobantilor 322-+aginesiiesteiSeeest, Sector 2, registered
under the Trade Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration code
5052558, duly represented by Mr Dan—MinulescuAlbert Davidoglu, acting as General
Director J" and/or the "Distributor"),

 
   

 

Commented [DM1]: E important sa definim ca un grup de
companii, asta inseamna si productie in alte tari, companii legate:
UE, Tailanda, etc.
Commented [GNP2R1]: Furnizorul direct sau prin afiliati
Afiliatii isi insusesc contractul pe masura ce apar in schema ca
potential supplieri

           
   
     
     
 

The Supplier and the Distributor shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of them
separately as “Party”.

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following:

prose cote nvam vor raat

 

in
Subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby

 

grants to the Distributor and the Distributor hereby accepts the right to exclusively

Commented [GNP4R3]: DE PRIMIT CATEGORIA. 2 coduri
tarifare primim de la MCX /Oana.
distribute the Products in the Territory. The Territoriy: Romania, Bulgaria, Polonia,

Greece, Czech Republic _—{ Formatted: English (United States)

- Next.to negotiations, subject to investment from distributor:, Slovakia , Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

11.
1.2.

1.3.

 
 

Commented [DM5]: Ce tari avem critic aici? Cehia poate fio

 

The Supplier hereby expressly acknowledges that all the countries within the Territory

have been exclusively reserved to the Distributor. To this end: vee cn CY. RO.PL

1.2.1. Supplier will ensure that all other (exclusive and non-exclusive) distributors are CZimediat
prohibited Active Sales of the Products outside their reserved territory (being
permitted only Passive Sales) and that they are notified of the fact that the
Distributor has been allocated the countries within the Territory;

1.2.2. Supplier will notify in due time the Distributor with the countries outside the

. . . . a . . Commented [GNP6R5]: Bulgaria, Grecia, Romania, Polonia +

Territory in which other exclusive distributors are appointed or are exclusively
reserved to the Supplier.

Outside the Territory, the Distributor shall not make Active Sales of the Products in a

territory allocated to an exclusive distributor or exclusively reserved to the Supplier.

Nevertheless, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Distributor to make Passive Sales

of the Products within such territories.

Am alocat pe oameni

 

Independence of the Distributor


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

14. The Distributor shall buy the Products from the Supplier as an independent contractor
and shall market and sell the Products in its own company name, for its own account and
at its own risk, with the Distributor, having the right to market the Products under its own
tradename, trademark or brand, this right being at the full and encumbered discretion of
the Distributor.

15. The relationship between the Parties established by the Agreement shall be solely that
of supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Agreement shall be construed to make the Distributor the agent of the Supplier for
any purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any
liabilities or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Distributor
specifically agrees that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in
any manner and that it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

16. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation or a prohibition imposed to
the Distributor to sell, resell or otherwise distribute similar products from other suppliers
in any territory and/or without any restrictions.

La obiect contract

1. Product development — obligatic de a urmari piata, JBS de a raspunde a

se duce cu potential pt un alt produs decat livrat. JBS dezvolta produsul.

2. Adjustments on products/packaging. JBS'sa faca private label oa

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

-Intr-un termen amiabil stability de catre parti.

3. Private label pent Ji. Dc produsul se dezvolta la cererea _atunci JBS va

pune pe brandul. Pretul pt vafiinclus in produs, niciun cost suplimentar.

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

    
 
   
 
 

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri Light

Formatted: List Paragraph, Add space between paragraphs of
the same style, Numbered + Level: 1 + Numbering Style: 1, 2,
3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm +

Indent at: 1.27 cm

 
   
     

Article 2. DURATION

 

21. This Agreement is executed for a period of 5 (five) years. Subsequent to this term, Parties

undertake to negotiate in good-faith the prolongation of this Agreement under written
addendum.

Article 3. PRICES, TITLE, WARRANTY

Prices and Price Amendment

3.1. The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. 1 to this Agreement.

3.2. The Prices may not be unilaterally changed by the Supplier. Any intention to ammend the
Prices of the Supplier will be notified to the Distributor and agreed upon, in good-faith,
in writing.

3.3. The agreed prices as stated in the appendix 1 -are valid for a period of 6 months from
signing of this contract. Parties may negotiate to ammend the Prices twice a year, three

monts in advance before each half calendar year.

2

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

4. Pricing to stay competitive and deal with changes: quota, license cost, etc. Furnizorul va

furniza preturi competitive si in cazul in care conditiile de piata importuri, cote de import,
licente => renegociere preturi. (volume de import si cote, contingentul — cerere in plus de

aplicare la contingent).
-—_{ Formatted: Indent: Left: 0.63 cm, No bullets or numbering }

 

 

Warran

244.2_ Supplier warrants that the Products shall be i) according to the specifications, if any, and
ii) comply with all food regulations applicable to the Territory or otherwise instructed by
the Distributor.

25.3. Supplier undertakes to warrant and reimburse the Distributor against any claims or
sanctions imposed to the Distributor as a consequence of the Supplier non-observing the
warranties under article 5.

    
    

 
 

Article 4. FORECAST, ORDER, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVER Commented [DM7]: nu cred ca avem nevoie de asta, un e critic

I
rezonabila, vezi mai jos
PARTILE STABILESC ULTERIOR

Commented [GNP8R7]: DE DISCUTAT DC RAMANE. ALTFEL UN
AVETI BAZA PT PENALITATI INTARZIERE

 

ANEXA — CU PROPUNEREA| CE URMEAZA A FI STABILITA — PE EMAIL

forecast
445.1 The Distributor shall provide estimated Orders for the next month (M+1). The forecast

made by the Distributor shall be treated as nonbinding. The volumes for the next 5 years
are in the appendix no 2

Order

4.2.5.2. Without any engagement in respect of minumum Orders, the Distributor may order the
Products during the term of this Agreement by the issuance of Order.

4.25.3. Each Order will specify, at a minimum, i) identification of Products, ii) unit price, iii)
quantity, iv) total price, v) delivery date, vi) delivery place, vii) payment terms and viii)
other information necessary for the delivery.

4.4.54 Supplier undertakes the obligation to accept or fulfill any Order and agrees that refusal
by the Supplier of any Order in whole or in part shall incur liability on the Supplier, its
officer or employees or any other person.

Acceptance

465.5. On receipt of the Order, the Supplier shall notify the Distributor in writing (by e-mail or
fax) whether it accepts the Order, specifying also the expected shipment date.

465.6. An Order shall be considered accepted by the Supplier by one of the following means: i)
issuance of an acceptance, ii) shipment of any of the Products ordered or iii) failure of
the Supplier to reject the Order within [5 working] days from the receipt by the Supplier.

4+5_7_ Supplier acknowledges that it cannot refuse any Order from the Distributor (even those
outside the forecast margin), unless objective and clear justifications are given and
accepted by the Distributor. In such exceptional circumstances, the Parties will
collaborate to identify an alternative source of supply of similar Products (with similar
commercial conditions).

Dell / Inspecti

          
   

Commented [DM9]: vom da comenzi pentru M+1, forecast
poate pe trimestre sau chiar an

Commented [GNP10R9]:

  


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

4.25.8 The Products shall be delivered to the Distributor in export packing (meaning resistant to
long distance transportation package). Promptly after the receipt of Products, the
Distributor shall, or cause its qualified agent to, inspect the Products at its own cost. The
Distributor shall immediately notify the Supplier if, during the inspection, any of the
Products is found not to be in compliance with quality standards, which will be agreed to
in writing by the both parties.

43.5.9. All claims for errors, damages, defects, shortages and non-conformities in any shipment
of the Products discovered by the inspection shall be made in writing to the Supplier and
be dispatched by the Distributor with particulars within [3 (three) working] days after the

receipt of Products Commented [DM11]: un e realist, problemele de calitate pot sa
4365.10. Failure to make such claim within such period shall constitute acceptance of the SPREE UR SE SHO ERE OSE Eo Eerste a Receive

shipment, and agreement that such shipment fully complies with the quality standards
and any other applicable terms and conditions. This is not applicable for hidden/latent
defects (i.e. fault of the Products that could not have been discovered by a reasonably
thorough inspection, for which Supplier is liable throughout the entire Products’ life).

4445.11. In case of any inconsistencies with the Order, the Distributor has the alternative
to i) ask the Supplier to fulfil the outstanding Order, ii) to amend the Price for the
delivered Products.

 

Article 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1. The Distributor hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that
it shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory
and shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis
of good faith and good business thi cS

5.2. The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have
all the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the

   
   
 
  

 
  

Commented [DM12]: text de umplutura

Commented [GNP13R12]: BEG TO DIFFER. CONTEAZA LA
ANTICORUPTIE

Agreement and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the |Agreemen t Commented [DM14]: nicio parte nu poate garanta ce se
- a « intampla in viitor. Avem multe necunoscute:
5.3. The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its aS a —————
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, expressly and utilizarea

unambiguously accepts articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Agreement. oe ‘cin in ale tara fox 7

Article 6. OBSERVANCE OF EUROPEAN COMPETITION RULES

6.1. The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti-
competitive conduct, as defined by European competition legislation, by means
including, but not limited to, mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing,
accepting, setting, approving or agreeing in any type of communication between the
Supplier and the Distributor of resale prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or
influencing commercial policy, limiting or disadvantaging competing undertakings or
exchanging sensitive information from competition perspective, prohibited by the
competition rules. In case the Distributor will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier's failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Distributor shall have the right of recourse
against the Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the
investigation.


6.2.

6.3.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sell to the Distributor within the market
defined by the Territory, without any injunction in the resale prices, commercial
conditions or other business matters that should be unilaterally decided by the
Distributor itself. For the non-observance of this obligation, the Supplier is obliged to
immediately stop any Active sales within the Territory

In case the supplier is approached directly or indirectly approached from the customers
within the Territory, the Supplier is under the obligation to inform the Distributor of such
approach within 1 business day. As per the above, Passive sales of the other distributors
are permitted within the Territory The Supplier is obliged to impose the same notification
obligations to its (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from all European Economic
Area’s territories

Article 7 TERMINATION

7.1.

7.2.

7.3.

7A.

 

This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases:
7.1.1. with the Parties’ consent;

7.1.2. by termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations
hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 46-30 (ten) Working

Commented [DM15]: Cam putin, 30 calendar?

   

da 5 from receiving the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory

 

  

Commented [DM16]: Mai degraba ne uitam Ia tarile in care nu
am performat si ajustam teritoriul?

      

Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their
outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations
already performed and outstanding between the Parties.

Article 8 APPLICABLE LAW- JURISDICTION

8.1.

8.2.

The validity, interpretation and performance hereof, and all the disputes between the
Parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or referring to any matters
not provided for hereunder but occuring following the performance of the Agreement,
shall be governed by the Romanian law.

All the disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which cannot be
amicably resolved by the Parties shall be referred for resolution to the courts of

jurisdiction in Bucharest, Romania <t Commented [DM17]: Nu e realist, probabil NL

Article 9 MISCELLANEOUS


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Don't adjust
space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space
between Asian text and numbers

Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Don't adjust
space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space

between Asian text and numbers

Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Hanging: 1.27 cm,
Widow/Orphan control, Don't keep with next, Don't adjust
space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space
between Asian text and numbers
Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Hanging: 1.27 cm,
Widow/Orphan control, Don't keep with next, Don't adjust
space between Latin and Asian text, Don't adjust space
between Asian text and numbers

Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, Tab stops: Not at 2.54 cm

Commented [DM19]: De ce nu email? Poate cu confirmare de
N=" eee primire

Commented “Commented [GNP20R19]: INBRAZILIA? = sid IN BRAZILIA?
Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, Tab stops: Not at 2.54 cm

 

 

 

 
 
   
 

ORICE COMUNICARE ESTE AC

9.3. Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any
provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

9.5 No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute
a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.

9.6. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties,
and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between
the Parties with respect to its subject matter.

9.7. No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any
previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary
this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting
Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the
Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.

9.8. The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this
Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at
that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in
respect of any relevant legislative change.

9.9. | The Appendix hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.

9.10. This Agreement has the following Appendix: Appendix no. 1 List of Prices, Appendix no2

Volumes

 

 

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today je) in 2 (two)
coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

 

 

FOR THE SUPPLIER FOR THE DISTRIBUTOR
IBS S.A a
By: By:
Authorized Signature Authorized Signature
Name: Name:
Title: Title:

 

 


APPENDIX NO. 1

List of Prices
APPENDIX NO. 2
Volumes
2020 - 1,000mt
2021 —1,300mt
2022 —1,500mt
2023 —1,580mt
2024 —1650mt

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

<——{Formatted:tet# ——‘—s~—sSCSCSYS


