DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

EXCLUSIVE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

No. [@] dated [@]

This Supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

JBS S.A., a company functioning and organized under the laws of Brazil, having its
registered seat at , Sao Paulo, registered under the [@) under no. (@), having sole
registration code , duly represented by [@), in the capacity as [@) ("JBS" and/or the
"Supplier"), and

a company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at 8 Inginerilor Tei Street, Sector 2, registered under the Trade
Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration code 5052558, duly
represented by Mr Dan Minulescu, acting as General Director (‘and/or the
Distributor"),

The Supplier and the Distributor shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of them
separately as “Party”.

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following:

Article 1. OBJECT MATTER OF THE AGREEMENT

Exclusive appointment of Distributor in the Territory

1.1.

1.2.

1.3.

Subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby grants
to the Distributor and the Distributor hereby accepts the right to exclusively distribute
the Products in the Territory.

The Supplier hereby expressly acknowledges that all the countries within the Territory

have been exclusively reserved to the Distributor. To this end:

1.2.1. Supplier will ensure that all other (exclusive and non-exclusive) distributors are
prohibited Active Sales of the Products outside their reserved territory (being
permitted only Passive Sales) and that are notified of the fact that the Distributor
has been allocated the countries within the Territory;

1.2.2. Supplier will notify in due time the Distributor with the countries outside the
Territory in which other exclusive distributors are appointed or are exclusively
reserved to the Supplier.

Outside the Territory, the Distributor shall not make Active Sales of the Products in a

territory allocated to an exclusive distributor or exclusively reserved to the Supplier.

Nevertheless, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Distributor to make Passive Sales

of the Products within such territories.

Independence of the Distributor

14.

The Distributor shall buy the Products from the Supplier as an independent contractor
and shall market and sell the Products in its own company name, for its own account and
at its own risk, with the Distributor, having the right to market the Products under its own
tradename, trademark or brand, this right being at the full and encumbered discretion of
the Distributor.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

1.5. The relationship between the Parties established by the Agreement shall be solely that
of supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Agreement shall be construed to make the Distributor the agent of the Supplier for
any purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any
liabilities or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Distributor
specifically agrees that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in
any manner and that it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

1.6. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation or a prohibition imposed to
the Distributor to sell, resell or otherwise distribute similar products from other suppliers
in any territory and/or without any restrictions.

Article 2. DURATION

2.1. This Agreement is executed for a period of 5 (five) years. Subsequent to this term, Parties
undertake to negotiate in good-faith the prolongation of this Agreement under written
addendum.

Article 3. PRICES, TITLE, WARRANTY

Prices and Price Amendment

3.1. The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. 1 to this Agreement.

3.2. The Prices may not be unilaterally changed by the Supplier. Any intention to ammend the
Prices of the Supplier will be notified to the Distributor and agreed upon, in good-faith,
in writing.

3.3. Parties may negotiate to ammend the Prices, in any case Parties agree that such changes
will be made 2 (twice) a year, at the most and will enter into force 3 (three) months after
such price ammendments are agreed.

3.4. Supplier warrants that the Products shall be i) according to the specifications, if any, and
ii) comply with all food regulations applicable to the Territory or otherwise instructed by
the Distributor.

3.5. Supplier undertakes to warrant and reimburse the Distributor against any claims or
sanctions imposed to the Distributor as a consequence of the Supplier non-observing the
warranties under article 5.

Article 4. FORECAST, ORDER, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVERY

Forecast

4.1. The Distributor shall provide estimated Orders for the next month (M+1). The forecast
made by the Distributor shall be treated as nonbinding.

Order

4.2. Without any engagement in respect of minumum Orders, the Distributor may order the
Products during the term of this Agreement by the issuance of Order. Supplier shall
guarantee a delivery period of 2 weeks from the time of receipt of Order by the
Distributor.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

4.3. Each Order will specify, at a minimum, i) identification of Products, ii) unit price, iii)
quantity, iv) total price, v) delivery date, vi) delivery place, vii) payment terms and viii)
other information necessary for the delivery.

4A. Supplier undertakes the obligation to accept or fulfill any Order and agrees that refusal
by the Supplier of any Order in whole or in part shall incur liability on the Supplier, its
officer or employees or any other person.

Acceptance

45. On receipt of the Order, the Supplier shall notify the Distributor in writing (by e-mail or
fax) whether it accepts the Order, specifying also the expected shipment date.

4.6. An Order shall be considered accepted by the Supplier by one of the following means: i)
issuance of an acceptance, ii) shipment of any of the Products ordered or iii) failure of
the Supplier to reject the Order within [5 working] days from the receipt by the Supplier.

47. Supplier acknowledges that it cannot refuse any Order from the Distributor (even those

outside the forecast margin), unless objective and clear justifications are given and
accepted by the Distributor. In such exceptional circumstances, the Parties will
collaborate to identify an alternative source of supply of similar Products (with similar
commercial conditions).

Delivery and Inspection

48.

49.

4.10.

4.11.

The Products shall be delivered to the Distributor in export packing (meaning resistant to
long distance transportation package). Promptly after the receipt of Products, the
Distributor shall, or cause its qualified agent to, inspect the Products at its own cost. The
Distributor shall immediately notify the Supplier if, during the inspection, any of the
Products is found not to be in compliance with quality standards, which will be agreed to
in writing by the both parties.

All claims for errors, damages, defects, shortages and non-conformities in any shipment
of the Products discovered by the inspection shall be made in writing to the Supplier and
be dispatched by the Distributor with particulars within [3 (three) working] days after the
receipt of Products.

Failure to make such claim within such period shall constitute acceptance of the
shipment, and agreement that such shipment fully complies with the quality standards
and any other applicable terms and conditions. This is not applicable for hidden/latent
defects (i.e. fault of the Products that could not have been discovered by a reasonably
thorough inspection, for which Supplier is liable throughout the entire Products’ life).

In case of any inconsistencies with the Order, the Distributor has the alternative to i) ask
the Supplier to fulfil the outstanding Order, ii) to amend the Price for the delivered
Products.

Article 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1.

5.2.

The Distributor hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that
it shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory
and shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis
of good faith and good business ethics.

The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have
all the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the
Agreement and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the Agreement.

3


5.3.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, expressly and
unambiguously accepts articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Agreement.

Article 6. OBSERVANCE OF EUROPEAN COMPETITION RULES

6.1.

1.1.

6.2.

The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti-
competitive conduct, as defined by European competition legislation, by means
including, but not limited to, mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing,
accepting, setting, approving or agreeing in any type of communication between the
Supplier and the Distributor of resale prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or
influencing commercial policy, limiting or disadvantaging competing undertakings or
exchanging sensitive information from competition perspective, prohibited by the
competition rules. In case the Distributor will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier’s failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Distributor shall have the right of recourse
against the Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the
investigation.

The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sell to the Distributor within the market
defined by the Territory, without any injunction in the resale prices, commercial
conditions or other business matters that should be unilaterally decided by the
Distributor itself. For the non-observance of this obligation, the Supplier is obliged to
immediately stop any Active sales within the Territo

   

In case the Supplier is directly or indirectly approached from clients within the Territory,
the Supplier is under the obligation to inform the Distributor of such approach within 1
business day. As per the above, Passive sales of the other distributors are permitted
within the Territory, however the lack of the notification obligation should be
sanctionable under this clause. The Supplier is obliged to impose the same notification
obligations to its (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from all European Economic
Area’s territories.

Article 7 TERMINATION

7.1.

This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases:

7.1.1. with the Parties’ consent;

7.1.2. by expiration of duration as per art. 3;

7.1.3. by termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations
hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 10 (ten) Working days

:


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

from receiving the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory pact),
provided that the respective case of default can be remedied: (i) Distributor’s
obligation to pay at due date any invoice raised by the Supplier; (ii) Supplier’s
obligations under article 7 and 9;

In the cases laid down in article 7.1.3, the Agreement shall be automatically terminated,

no other formality and court proceedings being required.

Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their

outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations

already performed and outstanding between the Parties.

 

7.6. The Parties will not advertise or publish the fact that they have contracted with each
other or otherwise established a relationship, unless otherwise authorized by each of the
Parties, such authorization not to be unreasonably withheld.

7.7. The obligations under this article will remain in effect for a period of one (1) year from
termination of the Agreement.

Article 8 APPLICABLE LAW- JURISDICTION

8.1. The validity, interpretation and performance hereof, and all the disputes between the
Parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or referring to any matters
not provided for hereunder but occuring following the performance of the Agreement,
shall be governed by the Romanian law.

8.2. All the disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which cannot be
amicably resolved by the Parties shall be referred for resolution to the courts of
jurisdiction in Bucharest, Romania.

Article 9 MISCELLANEOUS

9.1. All notices and correspondence relating to this Agreement shall be sent by either party
to the other to the following addresses, or any other appropriate address provided prior
written notice is given to the other party:

If to the Supplier: If to the Distributor:
Address: LJ Address: LJ
For the attention of: ‘on For the attention of: LJ
Fax: LJ Fax:
Email: J Email: LJ

9.2 Any such Notice shall be deemed received as follows:

uo


9.3.

9.5

9.6.

9.7.

9.8.

9.9.
9.10.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

9.2.1. upon delivery by courier provided that it is delivered during the Working Hours
of the recipient office, and if delivered outside the Working Hours shall be
deemed received at the beginning of the following Business Day;

9.2.2. upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by telex, fax or mail, provided that it is sent
during the Working Hours of the recipient office, and if received outside the
Working Hours shall be deemed received at the beginning of the following
Business Day;

9.2.3. upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by registered letter or registered letter with
return receipt, and in the day following the mailing date if sent by mail.

Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any

provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions

hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute

a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties,

and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between

the Parties with respect to its subject matter.

No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any

previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary

this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting

Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the

Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.

The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this

Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at

that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in

respect of any relevant legislative change.

The Appendix hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.

This Agreement has the following Appendix: Appendix no. 1 List of Prices

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today [@], in 2 (two)
coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.

FOR THE SUPPLIER FOR THE DISTRIBUTOR
1BS S.A a
By: By:
Authorized Signature Authorized Signature
Name: Name:
Title: Title:


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 1
List of Prices


