DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

EXCLUSIVE SUPPLY AGREEMENT _—{ Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

No. [@] dated

 

This Supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

s _— Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

1. JBS S.A., a company functioning and organized under the laws of Brazil, having its
registered seat at , Sao Paulo, registered under the [@] under no. [@), having sole
registration code [@], duly represented by [@), in the capacity as [@) ("JBS" and/or the
“Supplier"), and

2. [J 2 company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at 8 Inginerilor Tei Street, Sector 2, registered under the Trade
Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration code 5052558, duly
represented by Mr Dan Minulescu, acting as General Director mi and/or the
“Distributor"),
=

The Supplier and the Distributor shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of them

separately as “Party”.

wee +—— Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, First line: 0 cm

 

   
 

Formatted
Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering

  

    
     

 

 

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

 

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following: +—— Formatted: Indent: Left: 0 cm, First line: 0 cm
Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

 
 
   

 
 

 

 

‘ Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
ae a Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

 

 

 

Fn Formatted: English (United Kingdom)


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

eee fn —- Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

 

 

Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

 

Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

 

Article-zwArticle 1. OBJECT MATTER OF THE AGREEMENT

Exclusive appointment of Distributor in the Territory

241.1. Subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby grants
to the Distributor and the Distributor hereby accepts the right to exclusively distribute
the Products in the Territory.
221.2. The Supplier hereby expressly acknowledges that all the countries within the Territory
have been exclusively reserved to the Distributor. To this end:
224121. Supplier will ensure that all other (exclusive and non-exclusive)
distributors are prohibited Active Sales of the Products outside their reserved
territory (being permitted only Passive Sales) and that are notified of the fact that
the Distributor has been allocated the countries within the Territory;
2221222. Supplier will notify in due time the Distributor with the countries outside
the Territory in which other exclusive distributors are appointed or are
exclusively reserved to the Supplier.
22——_Outside the Territory, the Distributor shall not make Active Sales of the Products in a Formatted: List Paragraph, Add space between paragraphs of
territory allocated to an exclusive distributor or exclusively reserved to the Supplier-# Se ee aon Level: tak Mon at
Retitied pusuantie-aHt— 222. Nevertheless, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the 0 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left
Distributor to make Passive Sales of the Products within such territories.

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri, Not Bold, Not Italic, No
underline, English (United Kingdom)

Formatted: List Paragraph, Left, Add space between
paragraphs of the same style, Line spacing: single

 
  
        
  
 

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

 

   
 

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri, English (United Kingdom)
Formatted: Left, Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, Space After: 6 pt,
Line spacing: At least 14 pt, No bullets or numbering, Tab
stops: Not at 1.27 cm

 

13. Formatted: List Paragraph, Add space between paragraphs of

the same style, Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering
Style: 1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at:

dndependence of the Distributor
24.1.4. The Distributor shall buy the Products from the Supplier as an independent contractor “_ | Ocm+ Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left
and shall market and sell the Products in its own company name, for its own account and Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
at its own risk, with the Distributor, having the right to market the Products under its own
tradename, trademark or brand, this right being at the full and encumbered discretion of
the Distributor.
25-L5_ The relationship between the Parties established by the Agreement shall be solely that
of supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Agreement shall be construed to make the Distributor the agent of the Supplier for
any purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any
liabilities or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Distributor
specifically agrees that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in
any manner and that it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
2<-1.6. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation or a prohibition imposed to
the Distributor to sell, resell or otherwise distribute similar products from other suppliers
in any territory and/or without any restrictions.

 

 

Article Article 2. DURATION

24.2.1. This Agreement is executed for a period of 5 (five) years. Subsequent to this term, Parties
undertake to negotiate in good-faith the prolongation of this Agreement under written
addendum.

Article4oArticle 3. __ PRICES, TITLE, WARRANTY

>, |
4143.17 The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. 1 to this Agreement. Formate: ot aa od ram)

423.2. The Prices may not be unilatersally changed by the Supplier. Any intention to ammend Formatted: English ated Kingdom)
the Prices of the Supplier will be notified to the Distributor and agreed upon, in good-

faith, in writing.
42-—Parties may negotiate ncasethe Parties agres-to ammend the Prices, in any case Parties <t Formatted: Not Highlight
agree that such changes will be made 2 (twice) a year, at the most and will enter into
force 3 3 (three) months after such price ammendments are agreed—the new Prices will

   
 

 
 

  
    
         

 

 

 

Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:
1, 2,3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
+ Indent at: 1.27 cm


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

 

ooo Formatted: List Paragraph, Justified, Line spacing: At least
14.7 pt, Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2,
3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm +
Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left

Tile Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri, English (United Kingdom)
4-4 ip Formatted: Font: Bold, Italic, ine, English (Uni

a ES \ rn FE BO aks Unie rh me
\

Formatted: Left, Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, Space After: 6 pt,
Line spacing: At least 14 pt, No bullets or numbering, Tab
stops: Not at 1.27 cm

3.3. Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:

Warrani 1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
+ Indent at: 1.27 cm

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

443.4 Supplier warrants that the Products shall be i) according eeaters+-to the specifications, if
any, and ii) comply with all food regulations applicable to the Territory or otherwise
instructed by the Distributor.

443.5. Supplier undertakes to warrant and reimburse the Distributor against any claims or
sanctions imposed to the Distributor as a consequence of the Supplier non-observing the
warranties under Wi ebovearticle 5 Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

 

 

Article SArticle 4. FORECAST, ORDER, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVERY

Forecast

Formatted: Normal, Level 1, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Don't add
54.1. The Distributor shall provide estimated Orders for the next month (M+1)-aad+heferecast [Eee between paragraphs of the same style, Keep with next

forthe following [el months} bythe Heil of even menth. The forecast made by the
Distributor shall be treated as nonbinding.

      

Order

24.2. Without any engagement in respect of minumum Orders, the Distributor may order the
Products during the term of this Agreement by the issuance of Order. Supplier shall

guarantee a delivery period of atleast weeks from the time of receipt of Order by the Formatted: English (United Kingdom), Highlight
{Formatted Eich (Unted Kingdon)

Distributor.

24.3. Each Order will specify, at a minimum, i) identification of Products, ii) unit price, iii)
quantity, iv) total price, v) delivery date, vi) delivery place, vii) payment terms and viii)
other information necessary for the delivery.

&-2——Supplier undertakes the obligation to accept or fulfill any Order and agrees that refusal
by the Supplier of any Order in whole or in part shall incur liability on the Supplier, its
officer or employees or any other person.

 
   

44. Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:
1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
Acceptance + Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left

 

5~4415__On receipt of the Order, the Supplier shall notify the Distributor in writing (by e-mail or
fax) whether it accepts the Order, specifying also the expected shipment date.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

&54.6_ An Order shall be considered accepted by the Supplier by one of the following means: i)
issuance of an acceptance, ii) shipment of any of the Products ordered or iii) failure of
the Supplier to reject the Order within [5 working] days from the receipt by the Supplier.

Supplier acknowledges that it cannot refuse any Order from the Distributor (even those

outside the forecast margin), unless objective and clear justifications are given and

accepted by the Distributor. In such exceptional circumstances, the Parties will
collaborate to identify an alternative source of supply of similar Products (with similar
commercial conditions).

 

 

47. Formatted: List Paragraph, Add space between paragraphs of
Deli andi . the same style, Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering
Delivery and Inspection Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at:

 

5+——The Products shall be delivered to the Distributor in export packing (meaning 0 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left
#esistentresistant to long distance transportation package).
584.8. Promptly after the receipt of Products, the Distributor shall, or cause its qualified agent
to, inspect the Products at its own cost. The Distributor shall immediately notify the
Supplier if, during the inspection, any of the Products is found not to be in compliance
with quality standards, which will be agreed to in writing by the both parties.
59~.9_ All claims for errors, damages, defects, shortages and non-conformities in any shipment
of the Products discovered by the inspection shall be made in writing to the Supplier and
be dispatched by the Distributor with particulars within [3 (three) working] days after the
receipt of Products.
6104.10. Failure to make such claim within such period shall constitute acceptance of the
shipment, and agreement that such shipment fully complies with the quality standards
and any other applicable terms and conditions. This is not applicable for hidden/latent
defects (i.e. fault of the Products that could not have been discovered by a reasonably
thorough inspection, for which Supplier is liable throughout the entire Products’ life).
5434.11. In case of any inconsistencies with the Order, the Distributor has the alternative
to i) ask the Supplier to fulfil the outstanding Order, ii) to amend the Price for the
delivered Products.

   

  

Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri, Not Bold, English (United
\ team)
Formatted: Left, Space After: 6 pt, Add space between
paragraphs of the same style, Line spacing: At least 14 pt

 
 
    

 

 

 

Formatted: Left, Space After: 6 pt, Add space between
paragraphs of the same style, Line spacing: At least 14 pt

6


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

    
  
     

 

Kingdom)

Formatted: Normal, Left, None, Line spacing: single, No
bullets or numbering, Don't keep with next

Formatted: Normal, Left, None, Line spacing: single, Don't
keep with next

XI Formatted: Font: (Default) Calibri, Not Bold, English (United

 

 

Formatted: Normal, Left, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Line spacing:
single

Article-ZrArticle 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

25.1. The Distributor hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that:
it shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory
and shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis
of good faith and good business ethics.
he Di i J 0D

 

     
     

 

  

Formatted: Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Outline numbered +
Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 +
Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm

     

 

 

ene

25.5.2. The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have
all the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the
Agreement and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the Agreement.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

2-6-5.3. The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, expressly and

unambiguously accepts articles 2-2-4-5,-6--0-12121, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, -ame-7 and 8 of the —{ Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

Agreement.

 

Artiele-D-Article 6. OBSERVANCE OF EUROPEAN COMPETITION RULES

3-+——The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti Formatted: Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Outline numbered +
competitive conduct, as defined by European competition legislation, by means Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 +
including, but not limited to, mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing,
accepting, setting, approving or agreeing in any type of communication between the
Supplier and the Distributor of resale prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or
influencing commercial policy, limiting or disadvantaging competing undertakings or
exchanging sensitive information from_—competition perspective, prohibited by the
competition rules. In case the -

32—Howevertetheextent thatthe Distributor will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier's failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Distributor shall have the right of recourse
against the Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the
investigation.

24-L.L. The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sell to the Distributor within the market
defined by the Territory, without any injunction in the resale prices, commercial
conditions or other business matters that should be unilaterally decided by the

Distributor itself. For the non-observance of this obligation, the Supplier is obliged to

immediately stop any Active sales within the Territo

Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm

 

  
 
    

 

 

Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

Formatted: Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Outline numbered +
Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 +
Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm

  
        

2-5+6.2. In case the Supplier is directly or indirectly approached from clients within the Territory,
the Supplier is under the obligation to inform the Distributor of such approach within 1
business day} heurs-term. As per the above, Passive sales of the other distributors are
permitted within the Territory, however the lack of the notification obligation should be
sanctionable under this clause. The Supplier is obliged to impose the same notification
obligations to its (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from all European Economic
Area’s territories.

 

Article 729 TERMINATION Formatted: Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Outline numbered +
- Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 +
Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm
447.1. This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases: Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 3 + Numbering Style:
4447.1.1. with the Parties’ consent; 1, 2, 3, — + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Migned at: 1.27

cm + Indent at: 2.54 cm

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

47.1.2. by expiration of duration as per art. 3;

4432:2.13. by termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations
hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 10 (ten) Working days
from receiving the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory pact),
provided that the respective case of default can be remedied: (i) Distributor’s
obligation to pay at due date any invoice raised by the Supplier; (ii) Supplier's
obligations under article 7 and 9;

42.7.2. Inthe cases laid down in article 97.1.3, the Agreement shall be automatically terminated
no other formality and court proceedings being required.

42.7.3. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their
outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

44.7.4. The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations
already performed and outstanding between the Parties.

Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

Formatted: Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm, Outline numbered +
Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1+

   

     

Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27 cm

 

 

a —- Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

Formatted: Font: Not Bold, Font color: Auto, English (United
Kingdom), Not All caps

 

 


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

  
     

Formatted: List Paragraph, None, Indent: Hanging: 1.27 cm,
Le conten bo Narsament and th : . ad af: - Add space between paragraphs of the same style, Outline

© ~~ ~ ie ~ ee “oe — numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style: 1, 2, 3, ... + Start at:
7.6. +2-5—The Parties will not advertise or publish the fact that they have contracted with 1+ Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0.63 cm + Indent at: 1.27

  
   
  
 

each other or otherwise established a relationship, unless otherwise authorized by each Seah coat Ati coca et Space betwee haber Tab

stops: 1.27 cm, Left

of the Parties, such authorization not to be unreasonably withheld.
7.7. __ 4+2-6——The obligations under this Asiele-article 42-will remain in effect for a period of

one (1) year from termination of the Agreement.

 
   

 
  
    

Article 32-3 __APPLICABLE LAW- JURISDICTION | Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
\ 2 Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
128.1. The validity, interpretation and performance hereof, and all the disputes between the

Parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement -or referring to any matters Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

not provided for hereunder but occuring following the performance of the Agreement,
shall be governed by the Romanian law.

 

. All the disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which cannot be Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
amicably resolved by the Parties shall be referred for resolution to the courts of
jurisdiction in Bucharest, Romania.

Article 14.9 MISCELLANEOUS
149.1. All notices and correspondence relating to this Agreement shall be sent by either party Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

to the other to the following addresses, or any other appropriate address provided prior
written notice is given to the other party:

If to the Supplier: If to the Distributor: Formatted Table

10


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Address: ——_———_[_] Address: mo
For the attention of:—{_] For the attention of: mH

FAX. —— |
Email: ————————_

  

<{ Formatted: Font: Do not check speling or grammar

Formatted: None, Indent: Left: 1.25 cm, First line: 0 cm,
Adjust space between Latin and Asian text, Adjust space
between Asian text and numbers

      
   

 

   
  

  

Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.25 cm, Adjust space between
Latin and Asian text, Adjust space between Asian text and

numbers

   

249.2 _ Any such Notice shall be deemed received as follows:
+49,2.1. upon delivery by courier provided that it is delivered during the Working
Hours of the recipient office, and if delivered outside the Working Hours shall be
deemed received at the beginning of the following Business Day;
4149.2.2. upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by telex, fax or mail, provided that it is sent
during the Working Hours of the recipient office, and if received outside the
Working Hours shall be deemed received at the beginning of the following
Business Day;
449.2.3. upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by registered letter or registered letter with

return receipt, and in the day following the mailing date if sent by mail.
249,3. Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any —- Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

+49,5 No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute _—{ Formatted: English (United Kingdom) sid English (United Kingdom)

a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.
349.6. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties, _—{ Formatted: English (United Kingdom) si
and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between
the Parties with respect to its subject matter.
149.7. No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any
previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary
this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting
Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the
Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.
249.8. The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this _—{ Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at
that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in
respect of any relevant legislative change.

 

  
   
 

    

 

      
     

   

 

     
 

Arce 1S AODEN ICES
Formatted: Level 2, Indent: Left: 0 cm, Hanging: 1.27 cm,
459,39. The Appendix hereto are an integral part of this Agreement. soe tones Asian text ond number text, Don't adjust

   
 
  
  
 

  
 
  
  
  

 

359.210, This Agreement has the following Appendix:

 

Appendix no. 1 -List of Prices

 

11


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today je) in 2 (two)

coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.
Formatted: Adjust space between Latin and Asian text,
Adjust space between Asian text and numbers

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OR THE SUPPLIER FOR THE DISTRIBUTOR

IBS S.A, a
Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
By: By: Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

a 4 Formatted: English (United Kingdom)
Name: Name:
. __—{ Formatted: English (United Kingdom) )
Title: Title:

a _— Formatted: English (United Kingdom)

12


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 1
List of Prices

13


