DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

EXCLUSIVE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

No. [e] dated [e]

This Supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

1. JBS S.A., a company functioning and organized under the laws of Brazil, having its
registered seat at (el, Sao Paulo, registered under the [e] under no. (el, having sole
registration code [el, duly represented by [el, in the capacity as [el ("JBS" and/or the
"Supplier"),

and

bv

Re: a company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at 8 Inginerilor Tei Street, Sector 2, registered under the Trade
Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration code 5052558, duly
represented by Mr Dan Minulescu, acting as General Director _ and/or the
"Distributor"),

The Supplier and the Distributor shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of
them separately as “Party”.

RECITALS

Whereas the Supplier is a company engaged in meat processing activities worldwide, producing
factory processed beef, chicken and pork, also selling by products from the processing of these
meats. JBS’s famous brands include, among others, Seara, Friboi, Swift, Doriana, Massa Leve,

Whereas the Distributor is one of the most important players from Romanian food industry,
operating on controlled temperature food products sector, distributing under its own trademarks,
including meat products,

Whereas the Supplier envisages to enter into more countries from the European market whose
need for meat products is in high increase, while the Distributor intends to magnify its meat
imports, Brazil being the most important importer non-UE of meat products’,

Whereas both the Distributor and the Supplier intend to expand their business by entering into a
mutual commercial relationship entailing acquisition of poultry meat and poultry meat-related

products by from JBS-predvesd ides Soave Prstestonal beard tas detted bela,

Whereas the Distributor possesses the necessary expertise and marketing organization to
promote and sell the Products and wishes to undertake significant investments for the setting up
and the development of the distribution of the Products in the markets of Romania, Bulgaria,
Poland, Czech Republic and Baltic countries (as defined below),

+ https: //circabc.europa.eu/sd/a/cdd4ea97-73c6-4dce-gbo1-ec4fdf4027{9/24.08.2017-Poultry.pptfinal. pdf
Oe


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Whereas the Supplier wishes to appoint the Distributor as its exclusive distributor of the Products
in the Territory according to the terms and conditions contained herein, in light of the
investments performed by the Distributor in order to promote the Products and in order to
develop a continuous relation with clients for the Products.

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following:

Article 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the terms below shall have the following

meanings:

Active sales

Confidential Information

Customer

EUR

actively approaching individual customers by, for instance,
direct mail, including the sending of unsolicited e-mails or
visits; or actively approching a group or customers in a
specific territory through advertisment in media, on the
internet or other promotions specifically targeted at that
customer group or targeted at customers in that territory.
Advertisment or promotion that is only attractive if it (also)
reaches a specific group of customers or customers in a
specific territory, is considered active selling to that
customer group or customers in that territory;

all information (including all oral and visual information,
and all information recorded in writing or electronically, or
in any other medium or by any other method) disclosed to,
or obtained by one Party from the other Party or a third
Party acting on that other Party's behalf, which are marked
as “confidential” and without prejudice to the generality of
the foregoing definition shall include but not be limited to
(i) any information ascertainable by the inspection or
analysis of samples, (ii) the information detailed in the
Appendices, and (iii) any information relating to a Party's
operations, processes, plans, intentions, product
information, know-how, design, trade secrets, software,
market opportunities, customers and business affairs;

any legal entity or individual (potentially) buying or
(potentially) being interested in the Products, regardless of
whether such (potential) acquisition is for final
consumption / usage or for resale purposes (under
whatever the trademark or brand);

euro, the European official currency;


Force Majeure Event

Order

Passive sales

Price / (s)

Products

Territory

VAT

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

war or terrorist activity, civil commotion, nuclear accident
or act of God (including flood or lightning), nation-wide
strikes affecting the either Party in a material manner,
action taken by government, fire or serious explosion,
mechanical breakdown or comparable disturbance,
shortages of labour, power, fuel, means of transport or
general lack of other necessities affecting the Supplier or
the Distributor;

any notice, application, request, and any other
communications necessary or approved in accordance with
this Agreement, addressed to either Party by the other
Party;

the orders placed by the Supplier via e-mail, specifying the
number of units required for each Product;

responding to unsolicited requests from individual
customers or group of customers or other similar actions
defined by European Union’s legislation as “passive sales”;

Prices agreed for the Products, stated in Appendix no. 2
to this Agreement;

Poultry meat products of the Supplier, produced at the
execution time of this Agreement and/or throughout the

 

markets of Romania, Bulgaria, Poland, Czech Republic,
E a —Latvia, Lithuania,_G s] ia. Slovaki
Cyprus;

applicable value added tax.

1.2. In this Agreement, the headings are inserted for convenience only, and shall not affect
the interpretation of Agreement in any way whatsoever.

1.3. The terms written with capital letters throughout this Agreement shall have the meanings
defined above. Any reference to singular number shall also include a reference to plural
number and vice versa; any reference to masculine gender shall also include a reference
to the feminine and/or neuter gender(s) and vice versa.

1.4. Any reference to an article, paragraph or appendix shall be deemed a reference to the
respective article, paragraph or appendix in this Agreement, unless specifically provided

for otherwise.

1.5. The preamble is an integral part of the Agreement.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

 

 
 

2.1. Subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby grants
to the Distributor and the Distributor hereby accepts the right to exclusively distribute
the Products in the Territory.

2.2. The Supplier hereby expressly acknowledges that all the countries within the Territory
have been exclusively reserved to the Distributor. To this end:

2.2.1. Supplier will ensure that all other (exclusive and non-exclusive) distributors are
prohibited Active Sales of the Products outside their reserved territory (being
permitted only Passive Sales) and that are notified of the fact that the Distributor
has been allocated the countries within the Territory;

2.2.2. Supplier will notify in due time the Distributor with the countries outside the
Territory in which other exclusive distributors are appointed or are exclusively
reserved to the Supplier.

2.3. Outside the Territory, the Distributor shall not make Active Sales of the Products in a
territory allocated to an exclusive distributor or exclusively reserved to the Supplier if
notitied pursuant to art. 2.2.2. Nevertheless, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the
Distributor to make Passive Sales of the Products within such territories.

No direct sales

2.4. | Supplier relinqueshes the rights to make offers, or quotations to or negotiate with or sell
the Products directly to any customer in the Territory or that intends to actively resell the
Products within the Territory without involvement of the Distributor. To this end, the
Supplier will notify the Distributor with any requests for Products within the Territory
and will redirect any inquiring person to the Distributor. No payment or commission of
any nature shall acerue on this kind of transaction.

Independence of the Distributor

2.5. The Distributor shall buy the Products from the Supplier as an independent contractor
and shall market and sell the Products in its own company name, for its own account and
at its own risk, with the Distributor, faving the ——
own tradename, trademark or bra i
discretion of the Distributor.

2.6. The relationship between the Parties established by the Agreement shall be solely that of
supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Agreement shall be construed to make the Distributor the agent of the Supplier for
any purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any
liabilities or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Distributor
specifically agrees that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in any
manner and that it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Commented [AD1]: MERGEM PE EXCLUSIVITATE PE
TOATE PRODUSELE DIN CARNE DE PUI,
INDIFERENT DE BRAND

 
 
    

  

Commented [AD2]: AICI TREBUIE SA INTELGEM
ASTFEL, MCX VA VINDE PRODUSELE DE LA JBS SUB
MARCILE LUI, BRABDUL SEARA ESTE A LUI JBS, MCX NU
OBTINE O LICENTA ASTFEL INCAT SA-L VINDEM CA SI
CAND ESTE MARCA LUI MCX. IN ACELASI TIMP PE
SEGMENTUL DE CARNE DE PUI MCX POATE CUMPARA SI
DE LA ALTI FURNIZORI

Commented [BN3R2]: Ok, doar ca ai drept limitat de utilizare IP
in distribuitie atunci cand e marca furnizorului (de exemplu, sa ti
asociezi numele cu produsele lui sau sa te marketezi distribuitor
autorizat Brand “X")

Pt produse de la alti furnizori, vz art 2.7


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

2.7. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation or a prohibition imposed to
the Distributor to sell, resell or otherwise distribute similar products from other suppliers
in any territory and/or without any restrictions.

Article 3. DURATION

3.1. This Agreement is executed for a period of | (five) years, Subsequent to this term, Parties Commented [AD4]: OK CU 5 ANI
undertake to negotiate in good-faith the prolongation of this Agreement under written
addendum.

 

Article 4. PRICES, TERMS OF PAY MENT,CUSTOMS, TITLE, WARRANTY

Prices and Price Ammendment

4.1. The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. i to this Agreement.

4.2. The Prices may not be unilaterraly changed by the Supplier. Any intention to ammend
the Prices of the Supplier will be notified to the Distributor and agreed upon, in good-
faith, in writing.

4.3. Incase the Parties agree to ammend the Prices, the new Prices will enter into force in [6

(six}e] months since Parties’ agreement, during which time, the Distributor will be free

to place Orders with the non- amended Prices (the S

 

    
  
           
 

Formatted: Normal, Left, Line spacing: single, No bullets or
numbering, Tab stops: Not at 1.27 cm

 
 

—{Fomated Fr Gongs 19p¢

Formatted: Normal, Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, Don't add space
between paragraphs of the same style, No bullets or
numbering

 

Commented [OF5]: Am sters clauza referitoare la late payment.

ests-ef-collection Plata se va fase prin L/C dar chiar si asa, un vad de ce sa ne oferim sa
platim penalizari by default


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Formatted: Normal, Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, Don't add space
between paragraphs of the same style

Commented [OF6]: Se sterge tot acest pargraf. Lista de preturi
va contine si conditia de livrare CFR Constanta/Rotterdam

+—— Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering _}

 

 

 

 

 

Title
4.9.4.4. Unless otherwise agreed in the Agreement, shipment of the Products sold hereunder will
be [CFR Constanta/ Rotterdame] according to Incoterms. Unless otherwise agreed in the

Agreement, transshipment and partial shipment are allowed.

 

440+4.5. Cunesship over Products transfers to the Distributor at port destination when

 

Commented [OF7]: Un vad sensul. Daca specificam deja
conditia de livrare CFR, asta presupune ca riscul se transfera oricum
la noi in momentul incarcarii. Incoterms un specifica momentul

  

Warran transmiterii proprietatii. Ori specificam clar cand se transfera
444.6. Supplier warrants that the Products shall be i) conform to the specifications, if ————

any, and ii) comply with all food regulations applicable to the Territory or otherwise

instructed by the Distributor.

4424.7. Supplier undertakes to warrant and reimburse the Distributor against any claims
or sanctions imposed to the Distributor as a consequence of the Supplier non-observing
the warranties under 4.12. above.

Article 5. FORECAST, ORDER, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVERY

 

 

Forecast

i, — Formatted: Check spelling and grammar, Not Hidden
2—

3

—
5

he Distributor shall provide estimated Orders for the next month (M+1) and the foreca Formatted: Check spelling and grammar
for the [following [6*] months] by the [iste] Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:

. ss ing. alle 1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
Distributor shall be treated as nonbincine.: + Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left

 

    
 

5.1.

     
   

5-2. Notwithstanding any of the above, the Distributor is obliged to forecast a minumim of
[*] months in advance. Commented [OF8]: Aicirevin eu cu un model. Marfa vine pe
container din Brazilia, lead-time-ul e mai lung decat in cazul
achizitiilor intracomunitare, modelul de purchasing e altul

 

Order
5-3. Without any engagement in respect of minumum Orders, the Distributor may order the Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:
Products during the term of this Agreement by the issuance of Order. Supplier shall 1, 2, 3, .. + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
. . . . + Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left
guarantee a delivery period of at least 2 weeksfe}-days from the time of receipt of Order
by the Distributor.

6


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

5.4. Each Order will specify, at a minimum, i) identification of Products, ii) unit price, iii)
quantity, iv) total price, v) delivery date, vi) delivery place, vii) payment terms and viii)
other information necessary for the delivery.

5-5: Supplier undertakes the obligation to accept or fulfill any Order and agrees that refusal
by the Supplier of any Order in whole or in part shall incur liability on the Supplier, its

officer or employees or any other [perso Commented [OF9]: La fel ca la Forecast. Incarcarea pe containr,
productia de fac la nivel de saptamani, un putem vorbi de zile

Acceptance

5.6. On receipt of the Order, the Supplier shall notify the Distributor in writing (by e-mail o:
fax) whether it accepts the Order, specifying also the expected shipment date.delivery
ea

5-7- An Order shall be considered accepted by the Supplier by one of the following means: i)
issuance of an acceptance, ii) shipment of any of the Products ordered or iii) failure of the
Supplier to reject the Order within [5 workinge] days from the receipt by the Supplier.

5.8. | Supplier acknowledges that it cannot refuse any Order from the Distributor (even those
outside the forecast margin), unless objective and clear justifications are given and
accepted by the Distributor. In such exceptional circumstances, the Parties will
collaborate to identify an alternative source of supply of similar Products (with similar

 

   

 

   

Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:
1, 2, 3, ... + Start at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at: 0 cm
+ Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left

    
   

   

 

commercial conditions).
Delivery and Inspection
4-3-5.9. The Products shall be delivered to the Distributor in standard-export [packing ing
resistent to long distance transportation package). NI a eee
i a ; ; Formatted: Outline numbered + Level: 2 + Numbering Style:
4-#5.10. Promptly after the receipt of Ryodg#ts, the epebator shall, or cause its qualified 23, + Stuart at: 1 + Alignment: Left + Aligned at 0 cm
agent to, inspect the Products at its own cost. The Distributor shall immediately notify + Indent at: 1.27 cm, Tab stops: 1.27 cm, Left

the Supplier if, during the inspection, any of the Products is found not to be in compliance
with quality standards, which will be agreed to in writing by the both parties.

45-4.11.All claims for errors, damages, defects, shortages and non-conformities in any shipment
of the Products discovered by the inspection shall be made in writing to the Supplier and
be dispatched by the Distributor with particulars within [3 (three) workinge] days after
the receipt of Products.

$65.12. Failure to make such claim within such period shall constitute acceptance of the
shipment, and agreement that such shipment fully complies with the quality standards
and any other applicable terms and conditions._This is not applicable for hidden/latent
defects (i.e. fault of the Products that could not have been discovered by a reasonably
thorough inspection, for which Supplier is liable throughout the entire Products’ life).

5.13. __In case of any inconsistencies with the Order, the Distributor has the alternative to i) ask
the Supplier to fulfil the outstanding Order, ii) to amend the Price for the delivered

Commented [OF 11]: Trebuie sa adaugam si o clauza referitoare

le vicii ascunse. Un putem inspecta calitativ marfa la livrare. Este fizic
imposibil.

Formatted: Font: Bold, Italic, Underline
Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm, No bullets or numbering
Formatted: Font: Georgia, 10 pt, Bold, Italic, Underline
Formatted: Normal, Level 1, Keep with next

    
  
   

 

 

  
 

a
Article 6. OBLIGATIONS OF THE DISTRIBUTORBEYER

 

    
 
 

 

  

6.1. Without prejudice to any other obligations provided by the present, the Distributor

  
 

 

  

 

 

hereby undertakes to: = —
6.1.1. pay the Prices within agreed terms and in the agreed amounts, as per invoices Formatted: Hanging:_1.43 cm
issued by the Supplier;


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

6.1.2. use its best efforts to further the promotion, marketing, sale and other
distribution of Products in the Territory;

6.1.3. cooperate with the Supplier and promptly respond any inquiry the Supplier may
have regarding the market conditions in the Territory;

6.1.4. comply with all applicable regulations of the Territory, as well as obtain all
relevant regulatory permits necessary for conducting its business.

6.2. The Distributor is responsible for all processing of sales orders on behalf of its customers
and for the fulfilment of the customer obligations, services and support, including, but
not limited to freight to customer location.

Article 7. OBLIGATIONS OF THE SUPPLIER, Formatted: Font: Not Bold
Anticle-7e

71. Without prejudice to any other obligations provided by the present, the Supplier hereby

 

 

undertakes to:
7.1.1. sell the Products to the Distributor, in accordance with the terms and conditions
hereof;

7.1.2. ensure the quality of the delivered Products, in accordance with the Romanian
laws, the European laws and the international agreements regarding the
packaging, labelling, compliance, consumers’ rights, and hand over all the
documents regarding the Product quality upon delivery;

7.1.3. make available to the Distributor all the technical specifications and all the
commercial information, licenses for the use of registered trademarks and any
other relevant data, including without limitation the information about the
expiration dates, keeping conditions, etc., and also the delivery notices, quality
certificates and any other related documents;

7.1.4. inform in writing the Distributor if one or several Products have an expiration
date of less than [10 (ten) monthsel, in which case the Distributor shall submit a
written acceptance, adjust the ordered quantity or refuse the delivery of these
Products.

Article 8. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1. The Distributor hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that
it shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory
and shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis
of good faith and good business ethics.

8.2. The Distributor shall under no circumstances be liable for indirect, consequential,
special, incidental, or punitive damages, including loss of income or opportunity.

8.3. The Parties shall indemnify and hold the other Party and its directors, employees,
successors and assigns harmless against all losses, damages or expenses of whatever form
or nature, including attorney’s fees and other costs of legal defence, whether direct or
indirect that they, or any of them, may sustain or incur as a result of any acts or omissions
of the Party in breach or any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents, including but
not limited to (a) breach of any of the provision of the Agreement; (b) negligence or other
tortious conduct; (c) representations or statements or Product alterations not specifically
authorized and (d) violations of any applicable laws and/or regulations.


8.4.

8.5.

8.6.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

The Parties declare and guarantee that the person signing the Agreement has the right
and full legal authority to conclude this Agreement in the name and on behalf of the entity
it represents and to legally engage the entity without restrictions in this respect and have
all necessary measures have been taken to authorize the signing of the Agreement.

The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have all
the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the Agreement
and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the Agreement.

The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, expressly and
unambiguously accepts articles 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12, 13 of the Agreement.

Article 9. OBSERVANCE OF EUROPEAN COMPETITION RULES

9.1.

9.3-

9.4.

The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti-
competitive conduct, as defined by European competition legislation, by means
including, but not limited to, mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing,
accepting, setting, approving or agreeing in any type of communication between the
Supplier and the Distributor of resale prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or
influencing commercial policy, limiting or disadvantaging competing undertakings or
exchanging sensitive information from competition perspective, prohibited by the
competition rules.

However, to the extent that the Distributor will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier’s failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Distributor shall have the right of recourse
against the Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the

 

Formatted: Not Highlight

 

 

 

 

{The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sell to the Distributor within the market
defined by the Territory, without any injunction in the resale prices, commercial
conditions or other business matters that should be unilaterally decided by the
Distributor itself. For the non-observance of this obligation, the Supplier is obliged to
immediately stop any Active sales within the Territory, together with the payment of athe

9

{Commented (A012: SCOATEMACESTARTICOL


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

ameuntefthe compensation owned to the Distributor amounting to EUR 1.5 per kilo of
sold Productswili-befe}. The compensation obligation provided for in this article shall
become enforceable within 30 days of the date on which the Distributor identifies the
Supplier and/or other distributors making Active Sales within the Territory or having
executed agreements entailing supply or distribution of the Products within the Territory.
In case the Distributor identifies that other distributors from other territories passively
sells (Passive sales) the Products within the Territory, the above-mentioned
compensation is not applicable. However, if the Supplier itself performs Passive sales into
the Territory, the compensation obligation of EUR 1.5 per kilo of sold Produ is

  
 

therefore applicable! Commented [AD13]: AICI TREBUIE SA PRECIZAM CA
9.5. [Incase the Supplier is directly or indirectly approached from clients within the Territory, AAR NOTTS SL AP OT os PhaTeasca OAS

the Sopplier is under the obligation to inform the Distributor of such approach within [e] EGALE CU 1.5 EUR/KG VANDUT; IN CAZUL IN CARE FACE
annotified request-As per the above, P: Passive » sales of the other distributors are permitted
within the Territory, however the lack of the notification obligation should be
sanctionable under this clause. The Supplier is obliged to impose the same notification
obligations to its (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from all European Economic

Area’s territories. Commented [AD14]: AICI NU AS PUNE PENALIZARE
PENTRU CA AVEM O PENALIZARE LA 9.4

Article 10 TERMINATION

 

10.1. This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases:

10.1.1. with the Parties’ consent;

10.1.2. by expiration of duration as per art. 3;

10.1.3. by termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations
hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 10 (ten) Working days
from receiving the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory pact),
provided that the respective case of default can be remedied: (i) Distributor’s
obligation to pay at due date any invoice raised by the Supplier; (ii) Supplier’s
obligations under article 7 and 9;

10.2. Inthe cases laid down in article 10.1.3, the Agreement shall be automatically terminated,
no other formality and court proceedings being required.

10.3. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their
outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

10.4. The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations
already performed and outstanding between the Parties.

10.5. [In case any of the Parties terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration (for whatever
reason, excluding termination for cause), the defaulting Party will pay damages to the

ee ease — to EUR o. - per Kile of Products sued to be sold until the
; : _ Commented [AD15]: PENALIZAREA IN CAZ DE
TERMINARE INAINTE DI

 

. > Ao : : e iF nti IE TERMEN ESTE DE 0.5 EUR/KG
of fe} For sake of arity, the Supplier i is considered i in default under this article and PENTRU CANTITATEA CARE URMA SA O VINDEM PANA
LA SFARSITUL CONTRACTULUI. CANTITATEA SE VA
obliged to pay the above damages to the Distributor in case of 2 consecutive refusals of ESTIMA PE BAZA VANZARILOR ISTORICE. LEGAT DE
= . a se - REFUZUL DE LIVRARE , % PENTRU CARE SE CONSIDERA
the Orders or inconsistencies in deliveries amounting to se=<less than _/ equal to fe} CA NU MAI DORESTE SA LIVREZE ESTE ATUNCI CAND
40% ofthe quantity/qualis: ordered.| LIVREAZA < SAU = CU 40% DIN CANTITATEA

 

=

RE_MDIZ
COMANDATA, EU_EXPORT FDB FOR

 

10


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Article 11 FORCE MAJEURE

11.3.

If the performance or provision of any obligations of each Party is prevented by reason of
any, or any combination, of the Force Majeure Events, the affected Party shall be entitled
to relief from performing the obligations if the affected Party:

a) immediately notifies the other Party by telephone of the occurrence of the Force
Majeure Event; and,

b) give the other Party written notice of the Force Majeure Event within twenty four (24)
hours of the occurrence describing in reasonable detail the nature of the Force
Majeure Event.

The affected Party shall use all reasonable efforts to mitigate the effects of the Force

Majeure Event and shall use all reasonable endeavours to perform its obligations under

this Agreement.

If the Force Majeure Event is remedied, the Parties’ performance of this Agreement and

the Orders shall resume and continue or fulfilment of the Order whichever is later, unless

the Force Majeure Event continues for a period of more than thirty (30) days whereby the
non-affected Party shall have the right to either terminate the Order and/or Agreement
upon three (3) business days’ written notice to the affected Party.

Article 12 CONFIDENTIALITY

12.3.

This Agreement is confidential and neither Party will disclose any information relative to

or derived under the Agreement or Order without the written consent of the other, except

as may be required to ensure performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

Neither Party shall disclose or use for its benefit any Confidential Information of the other

which is disclosed to or obtained by it pursuant to or as a result of this Agreement or any

Order and will allow access to the same to its own staff only on a "need to know" basis.

Exceptions to Clause 12.2 are as follows: the receiving Party will not be obligated to

maintain in confidence or precluded from using information which:

12.3.1. is, or subsequently may become available, to the public through no fault of the
receiving Party;

12.3.2. the receiving Party can show was previously known to it at the time of disclosure;

12.3.3. may subsequently be obtained lawfully from a third party who has obtained the
information through no fault of receiving Party;

12.3.4. is independently developed by the receiving Party as evidenced by the written
records of the receiving Party;

12.3.5. is disclosed to a third party by the disclosing party and/or its affiliated companies
without a corresponding obligation of confidence; or

12.3.6. is required to be disclosed pursuant to the requirement, order or directive of a
government agency or by operation of law subject to prior consultation with
disclosing Party's legal counsel.

11


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 12.2. above, the Parties may disclose the
contents of the Agreement and the Orders to any of their subsidiaries and affiliates.

The Parties will not advertise or publish the fact that they have contracted with each other
or otherwise established a relationship, unless otherwise authorized by each of the
Parties, such authorization not to be unreasonably withheld.

The obligations under this Article 12 will remain in effect for a period of one (1) year from
termination of the Agreement.

Article 13 APPLICABLE LAW- JURISDICTION

13.1.

The validity, interpretation and performance hereof, and all the disputes between the
Parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or referring to any matters
not provided for hereunder but occuring following the performance of the Agreement,
shall be governed by the Romanian law.

All the disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which cannot be
amicably resolved by the Parties shall be referred for resolution to the courts of
jurisdiction in Bucharest, Romania.

Article 14 MISCELLANEOUS

14.1.

All notices and correspondence relating to this Agreement shall be sent by either party to
the other to the following addresses, or any other appropriate address provided prior
written notice is given to the other party:

If to the Supplier:

Address: Lg
Fortheattentionof: [__]
Fax: CLI
Email: LJ
Ifte the Distril

Address: Lg
For the attention of: [__]
Fax: Log
Email: Lg

Any such Notice shall be deemed received as follows:

14.2.1. upon delivery by courier provided that it is delivered during the Working Hours
of the recipient office, and if delivered outside the Working Hours shall be
deemed received at the beginning of the following Business Day;

14.2.2. upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by telex, fax or mail, provided that it is sent
during the Working Hours of the recipient office, and if received outside the
Working Hours shall be deemed received at the beginning of the following
Business Day;

14.2.3. upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by registered letter or registered letter with
return receipt, and in the day following the mailing date if sent by mail.

12


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

14.3. Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any
provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

14.5 No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute
a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.

14.6. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties,
and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between the
Parties with respect to its subject matter.

14.7. No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any
previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary
this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting
Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the
Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.

14.8. The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this
Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at
that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in
respect of any relevant legislative change.

Article 15 APPENDICES
15.1. | The Appendix hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.

15.2. This Agreement has the following Appendix:
Appendix no. 1 List of Prices

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today [e], in 2 (two)
coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.

FOR THE SUPPLIER FOR THE BUYERDISTRIBUTOR

JBSS.A. a

 

 

By: By:

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature
Name: Name:
Title: Title:

13


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 1

List of Prices

15


