DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

No. [e] dated [e]

This supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

1. JBSS.A., a company functioning and organized under the laws of Brazil, having its
registered seat at [e], Sao Paulo, registered under the [e] under no. [e], having sole
registration code [e], duly represented by [el], in the capacity as [e] ("JBS" and/or the
"Supplier"),

and

2. Po a company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at 8 Inginerilor Tei Street, Sector 2, registered under the Trade

Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration code 5052558, reprezentata
legal de dl. Dan Minulescu, in calitate de Director General io and/or the "Buyer"),

The Supplier and the Buyer shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of them
separately as “Party”.

RECITALS

Whereas the Supplier is a company engaged in meat processing activities worldwide, producing
factory processed beef, chicken and pork, and also selling by products from the processing of these
meats. JBS’s famous brands include, among others, Seara, Friboi, Swift, Doriana, Massa Leve.

Whereas the Buyer is one of the most important players from Romanian food industry, operating
on controlled temperature food products sector. J owns a portfolio of famous brands such as
Edenia, La Strada and Corso.

Whereas the Supplier envisages to enter into more countries from the European market whose
need for meat products is in high increase, while the Buyer intends to magnify its meat imports,
Brazil being the most important importer non-UE of meat products?,

Whereas both the Buyer and the Supplier intend to expand their business by entering into a
mutual commercial relationship entailing acquisition of meat and meat products by [jj from
JBS, produced under Seara Profesional brand? (hereinafter referred to as the “Products’”),

Whereas the Buyer possesses the necessary expertise and marketing organization to promote and
sell the Products and wishes to undertake the distribution of the Products in the markets of
Romania, Bulgaria, Poland, Czech Republic and Baltic countries (the “Territory”),

Whereas the Supplier wishes to appoint the Buyer as its exclusive distributor of the Products in
the Territory according to the terms and conditions contained herein, in light of the massive

+ https: //circabe.europa.eu/sd/a/cdd4ea97-73c6-4dce-gbo1-ec4fdf4027f9/24.08.2017-Poultry.pptfinal.pdf
? http://www.searaprofessional.com/products


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

investments performed by the Buyer in order to promote the Products and in order to develop a
continuous relation with loyal clients of the Products.

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following:
Article 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1. Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the terms below shall have the following
meanings:

Active sales actively approching individual customers by, for instance,
direct mail, including the sending of unsolicited e-mails or
visits; or actively approching a group or customers in a
specific territory through advertisment in media, on the
internet or other promotions specifically targeted at that
customer group or targeted at customers in that territory.
Advertisment or promotion that is only attractive if it (also)
reaches a specific group of customers or customers in a
specific territory, is considered active selling to that
customer group or customers in that territory.

Business Day any day (other than a Saturday and a Sunday) the bank are
open for business in Romania.

Confidential Information all information (including all oral and visual information,
and all information recorded in writing or electronically, or
in any other medium or by any other method) disclosed to,
or obtained by one Party from the other Party or a third
Party acting on that other Party's behalf, which are marked
as “confidential” and without prejudice to the generality of
the foregoing definition shall include but not be limited to
(i) any information ascertainable by the inspection or
analysis of samples, (ii) the information detailed in the
Appendices, and (iii) any information relating to a Party's
operations, processes, plans, intentions, product
information, know-how, design, trade secrets, software,
market opportunities, customers and business affairs.

Delivery time when the Buyer’s representative signs the original
invoice or any other documents confirming the receipt of
the Products;

EUR euro, the European official currency;

war or terrorist activity, civil commotion, nuclear accident
Force Majeure Event or act of God (including flood or lightning), nation-wide
strikes affecting the either Party in a material manner,


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

action taken by government, fire or serious explosion,
mechanical breakdown or comparable disturbance,
shortages of labour, power, fuel, means of transport or
general lack of other necessities affecting the Supplier or
the Buyer

Notice any notice, application, request, and any other
communications necessary or approbed in accordance with
this Agreement, addressed to either Party by the other
Party;

Order the orders placed by the Supplier via e-mail, specifying the
number of units required for each Product

Passive sales responding to unsolicited requests from individual
customers including delivery of goods or services to such
customers. General advertising or promotion that reaches
customers in other distributors’ (exclusive) territories or
customer groups, but which is a reasonable way to reach
customers outside those territories or customer groups, for
instance to reach customers in one’s own territory, are
passive sales. General advertising or promotion is
considered a reasonable way to reach such customers if it
would be attractive for the buyer to undertake these
investments also if they would not reach customers in other
distributors’ (exclusive) territories or customer groups.

Price / (s) Prices agreed for the Products, stated in Appendix no. 2
to this Agreement

Products meat products of the Supplier, produced under Seara
Profesional brand;

Territory markets of Romania, Bulgaria, Poland, Czech Republic and
Baltic countries;

VAT value added tax, namely 9% for meat products according to

article [e] from Romania Fiscal Code;

Working Hours period of time from Monday till Thursday inclusive
between 09:00 and 17:00, and Friday between 09:00 and
14:00;

1.2. In this Agreement, the headings are inserted for convenience only, and shall not affect

the interpretation of Agreement in any way whatsoever.

1.3. The terms written with capital letters throughout this Agreement shall have the meanings

defined above. Any reference to singular number shall also include a reference to plural


1.4.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

number and vice versa; any reference to masculine gender shall also include a reference
to the feminine and/or neuter gender(s) and vice versa.

Any reference to an article, paragraph or appendix shall be deemed a reference to the
respective article, paragraph or appendix in this Agreement, unless specifically provided
for otherwise.

Article 2 SUBJECT MATTER OF THE AGREEMENT

2.1.

2.2.

2.3.

2.4.

This Agreement comprises the terms under which the Supplier shall sell the Products to
the Buyer, and also the terms under which the Buyer shall purchase and exclusivily
distribute the Products within the designated Territory, terms that have been mutually
agreed upon by the Parties.

The Parties agree hereunder that the list and/or volume of Products stated in the Order
may not be unilaterally modified within minimum 3 (three) months before the delivery.
However, when placing the Order, the Supplier may notify the Buyer of the impossibility
to get certain volumes of supplies of the Products, but no latter than 3 (three) months
before the delivery.

The Supplier may modify the list and/or volume of Products stated in the Appendix no.
[e] with a 6 (six) months prior notice where such exclusion has been caused by health
risks or unforeseen export or import restrictions or bans. Any such exclusion shall be
communicated to the Buyer as soon as possible.

The title to the Products and related risks shall pass from the Supplier to the Buyer upon
delivery.

Article 3 APPOINTMENT OF THE EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR

3.1.

3-3.

The Supplier hereby grants to the Buyer, subject to the terms and conditions set out herein,
and the Distributor hereby accepts the exclusive right to market, distribute and sell the
Products in the Territory.

The Buyer shall buy the Products from the Supplier as an independent contractor and
shall market and sell the Products in its own company name, for its own account and at
its own risk. The Buyer and employees of the Buyer shall identify themselves as such and
shall make clear the limitations of their authority to any potential or actual customers of
the Products. The Buyer may not, in any manner, accept any obligation, incur any
liability, promise any performance or pledge any credit on behalf of, or for the account
of, the Supplier except those expressly permitted under this Agreement.

The Buyer acknowledges that other parties may have exclusive rights to distribute the
Products in territories other than the Territory (list of territories in which exclusive
distribution rights operate is to be provided to the Buyer by the Supplier) and that it will
not actively promote the Products or actively seek customers for the Products in these
other territories where such exclusive rights apply, as communicated by the Supplier. In
any case, the Buyer may engage in active sales in all territories where exclusive
distribution rights do not apply. Also, the Buyer may accept any unsolicited requests from
any customers (Passive sales) in all territories.

Article 4 ORDER PROCESS — DELIVERY


4.1.

4.3.

4.4.

Article5 PRICES - PAYMENT [TO BE CONFIRMED / AMENDED

5.3-

On receipt of the Order, the Supplier shall notify the Distributor in writing (by e-mail or
fax) whether it accepts the Order, specifying also the expected Delivery date.

The Products shall be delivered according to the Incoterms agreed by the Parties upon
acceptance of the Order by the Supplier.

The Buyer shall, within 72 hours from the Delivery, to report any obvious transport
damages or any alterations of the Products.

Details on the delivery terms are stated in Appendix no. 1 to this Agreement — Delivery
terms.

 

The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. 2 to this Agreement.

 

The Buyer shall freely and independently set its’ reselling price for the Products to its
customers and shall be solely responsible for all transactions with its customers.

Article 6 OBLIGATIONS OF THE BUYER

6.1.

6.2

Without prejudice to any other obligations provided by the present, the Buyer hereby
undertakes to:
i) pay the Prices within agreed terms and in the agreed amounts, as per invoices issued
by the Supplier;
ii) use its best efforts to further the promotion, marketing, sale and other distribution of
Products in the Territory;
iii) maintain an adequate and balance inventory of Products;
iv) cooperate with the Supplier and promptly respond any inquiry the Supplier may have
regarding the market conditions in the Territory;
v) comply with all applicable regulations of the Territory, as well as obtain all relevant
regulatory permits necessary for conducting its business.
The Distributor is responsible for all processing of sales orders on behalf of its customers
and for the fulfilment of the customer obligations, services and support, including, but
not limited to freight to customer location, preparing product delivery systems at
customer’s location.

Article 7 OBLIGATIONS OF THE SUPPLIER


7.1.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Without prejudice to any other obligations provided by the present, the Supplier hereby
undertakes to:

i) sell the Products to the Buyer, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof;

ii) ensure the quality of the delivered Products, in accordance with the Romanian laws,
the European laws and the international agreements regarding the packaging,
labelling, compliance, consumers’ rights, and hand over all the documents regarding
the Product quality upon delivery;

iii) make available to the Buyer all the technical specifications and all the commercial
information, licenses for the use of registered trademarks and any other relevant
data, including without limitation the information about the expiration dates,
keeping conditions, etc., and also the delivery notices, quality certificates and any
other related documents;

iv) inform in writing the Buyer if one or several Products have an expiration date of less
than 3 (three) months, in which case the Buyer shall submit a written acceptance,
adjust the ordered quantity or refuse the delivery of these Products.

v) grants to the Buyer and exclusive distribution within the designated Territory,
abiding itself from selling (either Active sales or Passive Sales) the same Products
within Territory, however, not forbidding the passive sales from the Territory of other
JBS’s exclusive distributors;

Article 8 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1.

8.3.

8.4.

8.5.

8.6.

The Buyer hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that it
shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory and
shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis of
good faith and good business ethics.

The Buyer shall under no circumstances be liable for indirect, consequential, special,
incidental, or punitive damages, including loss of income or opportunity.

The Parties shall indemnify and hold the other Party and its directors, employees,
successors and assigns harmless against all losses, damages or expenses of whatever form
or nature, including attorney's fees and other costs of legal defence, whether direct or
indirect that they, or any of them, may sustain or incur as a result of any acts or omissions
of the Party in breach or any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents, including but
not limited to (a) breach of any of the provision of the Agreement; (b) negligence or other
tortious conduct; (c) representations or statements or Product alterations not specifically
authorized and (d) violations of any applicable laws and/or regulations.

The Supplier guarantees for its Products, for the quality and freshness, for the proper
Delivery and for the fulfilment of the appropriate transportation conditions.

The Parties declare and guarantee that the person signing the Agreement has the right
and full legal authority to conclude this Agreement in the name and on behalf of the entity
it represents and to legally engage the entity without restrictions in this respect and have
all necessary measures have been taken to authorize the signing of the Agreement.

The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have all
the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the Contract
and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the Contract.

The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, in accordance with the


8.7.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

provisions of Art. 1203 of the Romania Civil Code, expressly and unambiguously accepts
articles 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12, 13 of the Agreement.

The relationship between the Parties established by the Contract shall be solely that of
supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Contract shall be construed to make the Buyer the agent of the Supplier for any
purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any liabilities
or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Buyer specifically agrees
that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in any manner and that
it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement;

Article 9 OBSERVANCE OF COMPETITION RULES

9.1.

9.3-

9.4.

The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti-
competitive conduct, as defined by Competition Law no. 21/1996, republished, or by Law
no. 11/19991 on combating unfair competition, by means including, but not limited to,
mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing, accepting, setting, approving or
agreeing in any type of communication between the Supplier and the Buyer of resale
prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or influencing commercial policy, limiting
or disadvantaging competing undertakings or exchanging sensitive information from
competition perspective, prohibited by the competition rules.

However, to the extent that the Buyer will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier’s failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Buyer shall have the right of recourse against the
Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the investigation.
If it is proved that the Supplier has participated in a restriction of competition prohibited
by the competition law (national or community) in connection with the execution of this
Contract and if the Buyer has also suffered as a result of that restriction (being part of an
investigation of the competition authorities) without its intention, the latter is entitled to
claim compensation for the period of time during which the Supplier has been found to
have participated in the infringement. The amount of compensation for proven anti-
competitive agreements will be EUR 100,000. The Supplier has the right to prove lower
damages. The Buyer has the right to benefit from other rights to compensation, in
accordance with the relevant legislation. The compensation obligation persists, even
though the duration of this Agreement expired at the time the rights were exercised or
even if the Agreement had been terminated. Participation in an anticompetitive
agreement is considered to be proved by the decision of the relevant competition
authority. The compensation obligation provided for in this article shall become
enforceable within 30 days of the date on which the participation in the anti-competitive
agreement has been proved.

The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sale to the Buyer within the market
defined by the Territory and to appoint the Buyer as sole distributor within the Territory
in order to promote and to resale the Products within such Territory, without any
injunction in the resale prices, commercial conditions or other business matters that
should be unilaterally decided by the Buyer itself. For the non-observance of this
obligation, the amount of the compensation owned to the Buyer will be EUR 200,000.
The compensation obligation provided for in this article shall become enforceable within


9.5.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

30 days of the date on which the Buyer identifies the Supplier and/or other distributors
having on-going agreements entailing supply or distribution of the Products within the
Territory. In case the Buyer identifies that other (non-exclusive or exclusive) distributors
from other territories passively sells (Passive sales) the Products within the Territory, the
above-mentioned compensation is not applicable. However, if the Supplier itself
performs Passive sales into the Territory, the compensation obligation of EUR 200,000
is therefore applicable.

In case the Supplier and/or certain (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from other
territories are directly or indirectly approached from clients within the Territory, they are
under the obligation to inform the Buyer of such approach within 48 hours term. The
failure to notify should amount to a compensation of EUR 1,000 for each unnotified
request. As per the above, Passive sales of the other distributors are permitted within the
Territory, however the lack of the notification obligation should be sanctionable under
this clause.

Article 10 TERMINATION

10.1

10.2

10.3.

10.4.

This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases:

10.1.1. with the Parties’ consent;

10.1.2. by unilateral termination by either Party against 90-day notice;

10.1.3. by termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations
hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 10 (ten) days from receiving
the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory pact), provided that the
respective case of default can be remedied: (i) Buyer’s obligation to pay at due date any
invoice raised by the Supplier; (ii) Supplier’s obligations under article 9;

In the cases laid down in article 10.1.3, the Agreement shall be automatically terminated,
no other formality and court proceedings being required.

Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their
outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations
already performed and outstanding between the Parties.

Article 11 FORCE MAJEURE

11.1

11.2

11.3.

If the performance or provision of any obligations of each Party is prevented by reason of
any, or any combination, of the Force Majeure Events, the affected Party shall be entitled
to relief from performing the obligations if the affected Party:

a) immediately notifies the other Party by telephone of the occurrence of the Force
Majeure Event; and,

b) give the other Party written notice of the Force Majeure Event within twenty four (24)
hours of the occurrence describing in reasonable detail the nature of the Force
Majeure Event.

The affected Party shall use all reasonable efforts to mitigate the effects of the Force

Majeure Event and shall use all reasonable endeavours to perform its obligations under

this Agreement.

If the Force Majeure Event is remedied, the Parties’ performance of this Agreement and

the Orders shall resume and continue or fulfilment of the Order whichever is later, unless


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

the Force Majeure Event continues for a period of more than thirty (30) days whereby the
non-affected Party shall have the right to either terminate the Order and/or Agreement
upon three (3) business days’ written notice to the affected Party.

Article 12 CONFIDENTIALITY

12.1

12.3.

12.3

12.4

12.5

This Agreement is confidential and neither Party will disclose any information relative to
or derived under the Agreement or Order without the written consent of the other, except
as may be required to ensure performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
Neither Party shall disclose or use for its benefit any Confidential Information of the other
which is disclosed to or obtained by it pursuant to or as a result of this Agreement or any
Order and will allow access to the same to its own staff only on a "need to know" basis.
Exceptions to Clause 12.2 are as follows: the receiving Party will not be obligated to
maintain in confidence or precluded from using information which:
(a) is, or subsequently may become available, to the public through no fault of the
receiving Party;
(b) the receiving Party can show was previously known to it at the time of disclosure;
(c) may subsequently be obtained lawfully from a third party who has obtained the
information through no fault of receiving Party;
(d) is independently developed by the receiving Party as evidenced by the written
records of the receiving Party;
(e) _ is disclosed to a third party by the disclosing party and/or its affiliated companies
without a corresponding obligation of confidence; or
(f) is required to be disclosed pursuant to the requirement, order or directive of a
government agency or by operation of law subject to prior consultation with
disclosing Party's legal counsel.
Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 12.2. above, the Parties may disclose the
contents of the Agreement and the Orders to any of their subsidiaries and affiliates.
The Parties will not advertise or publish the fact that they have contracted with each other
or otherwise established a relationship, unless otherwise authorized by each of the
Parties, such authorization not to be unreasonably withheld.
The obligations under this Article 12 will remain in effect for a period of one (1) year from
termination of the Agreement.

Article 13 APPLICABLE LAW- JURISDICTION

13.1.

13.2.

The validity, interpretation and performance hereof, and all the disputes between the
Parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or referring to any matters
not provided for hereunder but occuring following the performance of the Agreement,
shall be governed by the Romanian law. The Viena Convention dated 11 Aprile 1980 is /
is not applicable.

All the disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which cannot be
amicably resolved by the Parties shall be referred for resolution to the courts of
jurisdiction in Bucharest, Romania.

Article 14 MISCELLANEOUS


14.1.

14.2

14.3.

14.5

14.6.

14.7.

14.8.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

All notices and correspondence relating to this Agreement shall be sent by either party to
the other to the following addresses, or any other appropriate address provided prior
written notice is given to the other party:

If to the Supplier:
Address:

For the attention of:
Fax:
Email:

If to the Buyer:
Address:

For the attention of:
Fax:

Email: LJ

Any such Notice shall be deemed received as follows:

(i) upon delivery by courier provided that it is delivered during the Working Hours of
the recipient office, and if delivered outside the Working Hours shall be deemed
received at the beginning of the following Business Day;

(ii) upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by telex, fax or mail, provided that it is sent
during the Working Hours of the recipient office, and if received outside the Working
Hours shall be deemed received at the beginning of the following Business Day;

(iii) upon receipt in case of a Notice sent by registered letter or registered letter with
return receipt, and in the day following the mailing date if sent by mail.

Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any

provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions

hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute

a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties,

and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between the

Parties with respect to its subject matter.

No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any

previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary

this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting

Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the

Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.

The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this

Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at

that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in

respect of any relevant legislative change.

Article 15 APPENDICES

15.1.

The Appendices hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

15.2. This Agreement has the following Appendices:

Appendix no. 1 Delivery terms
Appendix no. 2 List of Prices

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today [e], in 2 (two)
coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.

FOR THE SUPPLIER FOR THE BUYER

JBSS.A. a

By: By:

 

 

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Name: Name:

 

 

 

Title: Title:


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 1
Delivery terms


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 2
List of Prices


