DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

EXCLUSIVE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

No. [e] dated [e]

This Supply agreement (the "Agreement") is concluded by and between:

1. SEARA MEATS BV, a company functioning and organized under the laws of Netherlands,
having its registered seat at [e], registered under the [e] under no. [e], having sole
registration code [el, duly represented by [el, in the capacity as [e] ("SEARA" and/or the
"Supplier"), and

2. Po a company functioning and organized under the laws of Romania,
having its registered seat at 32 Calea Dorobantilor, Sector 1, registered under the Trade
Registry under no. J40/28161/1993, having sole registration code 5052558, duly

represented \ ii. acting as Chief Executive Officer (‘i "and/or the

Distributor"),

The Supplier and the Distributor shall be collectively referred to as the “Parties” and each of them
separately as “Party”.

NOW THEREFORE, by this present, the Parties have agreed the following:
Article 1. OBJECT MATTER OF THE AGREEMENT

Exclusive appointment of Distributor in the Territory

1.1. Subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby grants
to the Distributor and the Distributor hereby accepts the right to exclusively distribute
the Products in the Territory (as defined below). Parties agree and understand that Seara
may supply to the Distributor, either directly or through any of its affiliates (the supplying
affiliate having accepted the terms and conditions herein in advance).

1.1.1. At the signing date, Territory exclusively reserved to the Distributor consists of:
Romania, Bulgaria, Polonia, Greece, Czech Republic;

1.1.2. Territory may be extended, subject to further negotiations to include at least any
or all of the following countries: Slovakia, Slovenia, Lithuania, Letonia.

1.1.3. At the signing date, Products refer to: CN 16023219 and CN 16023230.

1.2. The Supplier hereby expressly undertakes the following:

1.2.1. Supplier will ensure that all other (exclusive and non-exclusive) distributors are
prohibited Active Sales of the Products outside their reserved territory (being
permitted only Passive Sales) and that they are notified of the fact that the
Distributor has been allocated the countries within the Territory;

1.2.2. Supplier will notify in due time the Distributor with the countries outside the
Territory in which other exclusive distributors are appointed or are exclusively
reserved to the Supplier.

1.3. Outside the Territory, the Distributor shall not make Active Sales of the Products in a
territory allocated to an exclusive distributor or exclusively reserved to the Supplier.
Nevertheless, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Distributor to make Passive Sales
of the Products within such territories.

Independence of the Distributor


1.4.

1.5.

1.6.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

The Distributor shall buy the Products from the Supplier (or its affiliates) as an
independent contractor and shall market and sell the Products in its own company name,
for its own account and at its own risk, with the Distributor, having the right to market
the Products under its own tradename, trademark or brand, this right being at the full
and encumbered discretion of the Distributor.

The relationship between the Parties established by the Agreement shall be solely that
of supplier and buyer and the Distributor is acting for its own account. Nothing contained
in the Agreement shall be construed to make the Distributor the agent of the Supplier for
any purpose, and neither Party hereto shall have any right whatsoever to incur any
liabilities or obligations on behalf or binding upon the other Party. The Distributor
specifically agrees that it shall have no power or authority to represent the Supplier in
any manner and that it will solicit orders for the Products as an independent contractor
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation or a prohibition imposed to
the Distributor to sell, resell or otherwise distribute similar products from other suppliers
in any territory and/or without any restrictions.

Product development

1.7. Upon Distributor’s market prospecting, the Distributor may require the Supplier to
develop and supply new products and the Supplier undertakes to analyse and implement
such requests. Such new products will be supplied in the Territory under the Distributor’s
brandname and trademark, the Distributor retaining sole ownership over such
intellectual property rights.

Article 2. DURATION

2.1. This Agreement is executed for a period of 5 (five) years. Subsequent to this term, Parties
undertake to negotiate in good-faith the prolongation of this Agreement under written
addendum.

Article 3. PRICES, TITLE, WARRANTY

Prices and Price Amendment

3.1. The Prices agreed for the Products are stated in Appendix no. 1 to this Agreement.

3.2. The Prices may not be unilaterally changed by the Supplier. Any intention to ammend the
Prices of the Supplier will be notified to the Distributor and agreed upon, in good-faith,
in writing.

3.3. The agreed prices as stated in the appendix 1 are valid for a period of 6 months from
signing of this contract. Parties may negotiate to ammend the Prices twice a year, three
monts in advance before each half calendar year.

3.4. Parties undertakes to negociate the prices of the Products whenever neccessary, as it is
muttually agreed that a good-standing commercial relationship under this Agreement is
conditional upon prices being competitive and mindful of market conditions, import
licenses’ costs and contingents.

3.5. Providing that the Supplier’s obligations are achieve (i.e. orders have been delivered in

full; Macromex has access to competitive prices; there are no export restrictions between
Brazil and Europe; value chain does not fundamentally change), Parties agree that if


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

Distributor does not meet the volume targets agreed by the Parties herein, Parties may
negociate the extent of the Territory exclusively allocated to the Distributor.

Warran.

3.6. Supplier warrants that the Products shall be i) according to the specifications, if any, and
ii) comply with all food regulations applicable to the Territory or otherwise instructed by
the Distributor.

3.7. Supplier undertakes to warrant and reimburse the Distributor against any claims or
sanctions imposed to the Distributor as a consequence of the Supplier non-observing the
warranties under article 5.

Article 4. FORECAST, ORDER, ACCEPTANCE, DELIVERY

Parties understand that the contractual framework under this Agreement must include specific
terms and conditions in respect of Forecast, Order, Acceptance and Delivery. Parties agree to
negotiate such contractual provisions, the Distributor’s commercial proposal being included as
Appendix no. 2 to this Agreement.

Article 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1. The Distributor hereby represents, warrants and undertakes in favour of the Supplier that
it shall use its best efforts for the promotion of the sales of the Products in the Territory
and shall protect the interests of the Supplier in the best possible way acting on the basis
of good faith and good business ethics.

5.2. The Parties declare and guarantee that at the date of signing the Agreement they have
all the approvals and authorizations necessary to fulfil the obligations under the
Agreement and that the later will remain valid for at least the duration of the Agreement.

5.3. The Parties declare and guarantee that by signing the Agreement, each Party, through its
legal representative, has fully discussed and understood and, expressly and
unambiguously accepts articles 1, 2, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Agreement.

Article 6. OBSERVANCE OF EUROPEAN COMPETITION RULES

6.1. The Parties expressly undertake not to initiate or participate in any type of anti-
competitive conduct, as defined by European competition legislation, by means
including, but not limited to, mentioning, inserting, requesting, addressing, imposing,
accepting, setting, approving or agreeing in any type of communication between the
Supplier and the Distributor of resale prices, minimum prices selling, conditioning or
influencing commercial policy, limiting or disadvantaging competing undertakings or
exchanging sensitive information from competition perspective, prohibited by the
competition rules. In case the Distributor will be investigated and sanctioned by the
competent competition authorities as a result of Supplier’s failure to observe the
obligations set forth in this chapter, the Distributor shall have the right of recourse
against the Supplier in respect to the sanctioning fine and all expenses derived from the
investigation.


6.2.

6.3.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

The Supplier expressly undertakes to exclusively sell to the Distributor within the market
defined by the Territory, without any injunction in the resale prices, commercial
conditions or other business matters that should be unilaterally decided by the
Distributor itself. For the non-observance of this obligation, the Supplier is obliged to
immediately stop any Active sales within the Territory

In case the supplier is approached directly or indirectly approached from the customers
within the Territory, the Supplier is under the obligation to inform the Distributor of such
approach within 1 business day. As per the above, Passive sales of the other distributors
are permitted within the Territory the Supplier is obliged to impose the same notification
obligations to its (exclusive or non-exclusive) distributors from all European Economic
Area’s territories

Article 7 TERMINATION

7.1.

7.2.

7.3.

This Agreement may be terminated in any of the following cases:

7.1.1. with the Parties’ consent;

7.1.2. by termination for cause if either Party defaults the following obligations
hereunder, and fails to remedy such case of default within 30 (ten) Working days
from receiving the other Party’s written notice in that regard (commissory pact);

Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Parties agree to set off their

outstanding financial obligations at the Agreement actual termination date.

The termination of this Agreement, regardless of cause, shall not affect the obligations

already performed and outstanding between the Parties.

Article 9 MISCELLANEOUS

9.1.

9.3.

9.5

9.6.

All notices and correspondence relating to this Agreement shall be sent by either party
to the other to the following addresses, or any other appropriate address provided prior
written notice is given to the other party (being agreed that any notice received outside
business days will be considered received in the following business day):

If to the Supplier: If to the Distributor:

Address: LJ Address: LJ

For the attention of: LJ For the attention of: LJ

Fax: LJ Fax: LJ
Email: J Email: J

Each provision hereof shall be deemed independent and distinct. In the event that any
provision of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
hereof shall remain effective and in full force and effect as if the respective provision has
not been part of it.

No waiver by either Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute
a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and undertaking between the Parties,
and supersedes all prior agreemens and undertakings, both written and oral, between
the Parties with respect to its subject matter.


9.7.

9.8.

9.9.
9.10.

DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

No time limit or provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by any
previous or subsquent statement, conduct or action of either Party. The Parties may vary
this Agreement only by written document signed by or on behalf of the contracting
Parties. The same rules shall also apply with reference to the amendment of the
Appendices hereto, which are an integral part hereof.

The Parties agree that upon the occurrence of any specific legislative change this
Agreement shall be accordingly amended in accordance with the Parties’ agreement at
that time. This article institutes an obligation of negotiation in charge of the Parties in
respect of any relevant legislative change.

The Appendix hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.

This Agreement has the following Appendix: Appendix no. 1 - List of Prices, Appendix no

2 - Forecast, Order, Acceptance, Delivery and Inspection and Appendix no. 3 - Volumes

IN WITNESS whereof the Parties have executed this Agreement, today [e], in 2 (two)
coumterparts in English language, each Party holding one counterpart.

FOR THE SUPPLIER FOR THE DISTRIBUTOR
1BS S.A a
By: By:
Authorized Signature Authorized Signature
Name: Name:
Title: Title:


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 1
List of Prices


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

APPENDIX NO. 2
Forecast, Order, Acceptance, Delivery and Inspection

Parties agree to negotiate the details of Forecast, Order, Acceptance, Delivery and Inspection,

based on the following commercial proposal:

Forecast

Order

The Distributor shall provide estimated Orders for the next month (M+1). The forecast
made by the Distributor shall be treated as nonbinding. The volumes for the next 5 years
are in the Appendix no 3

Without any engagement in respect of minumum Orders, the Distributor may order the
Products during the term of this Agreement by the issuance of Order.

Each Order will specify, at a minimum, i) identification of Products, ii) unit price, iii)
quantity, iv) total price, v) delivery date, vi) delivery place, vii) payment terms and viii)
other information necessary for the delivery.

Supplier undertakes the obligation to accept or fulfill any Order and agrees that refusal
by the Supplier of any Order in whole or in part shall incur liability on the Supplier, its
officer or employees or any other person.

Acceptance

On receipt of the Order, the Supplier shall notify the Distributor in writing (by e-mail or
fax) whether it accepts the Order, specifying also the expected shipment date.

An Order shall be considered accepted by the Supplier by one of the following means: i)
issuance of an acceptance, ii) shipment of any of the Products ordered or iii) failure of
the Supplier to reject the Order within [5 working] days from the receipt by the Supplier.
Supplier acknowledges that it cannot refuse any Order from the Distributor (even those
outside the forecast margin), unless objective and clear justifications are given and
accepted by the Distributor. In such exceptional circumstances, the Parties will
collaborate to identify an alternative source of supply of similar Products (with similar
commercial conditions).

Delivery and Inspection

The Products shall be delivered to the Distributor in export packing (meaning resistant to
long distance transportation package). Promptly after the receipt of Products, the
Distributor shall, or cause its qualified agent to, inspect the Products at its own cost. The
Distributor shall immediately notify the Supplier if, during the inspection, any of the
Products is found not to be in compliance with quality standards, which will be agreed to
in writing by the both parties.

All claims for errors, damages, defects, shortages and non-conformities in any shipment
of the Products discovered by the inspection shall be made in writing to the Supplier and
be dispatched by the Distributor with particulars within [3 (three) working] days after the
receipt of Products.

Failure to make such claim within such period shall constitute acceptance of the
shipment, and agreement that such shipment fully complies with the quality standards
and any other applicable terms and conditions. This is not applicable for hidden/latent
defects (i.e. fault of the Products that could not have been discovered by a reasonably
thorough inspection, for which Supplier is liable throughout the entire Products’ life).


DRAFT FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY

In case of any inconsistencies with the Order, the Distributor has the alternative to i) ask

the Supplier to fulfil the outstanding Order, ii) to amend the Price for the delivered
Products.

APPENDIX NO. 3
Volumes

2020 - 1,000mt
2021 — 1,300mt
2022 —1,500mt
2023 —1,580mt
2024 — 1650mt


